{
    "temp0_stamp-letter-send_1short": "I sat down to write a letter to my friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send correctly. With a happy smile, I dropped the letter in the mailbox and waited for it to send my thoughts to my dear friend.",
    "temp0_petrol-diesel-pump_1short": "The old truck rumbled into the station, its engine roaring as it pulled up to the pump. The driver got out and began to fill up with diesel, but then he noticed a sign that said they also sold petrol. He thought about switching, but decided to stick with what he knew and finished filling up with diesel from the pump.",
    "temp0_year-week-embark_1short": "As the new year began, I felt excited to embark on a journey around the world. My friends and I had been planning this trip for a week, and finally, we were ready to start our adventure. We packed our bags, grabbed our cameras, and set off to explore new lands and experience different cultures.",
    "temp0_statement-stealth-detect_1short": "As I walked into the dark room, I tried to make a bold statement with my bright yellow shirt. But little did I know, a figure was using stealth to sneak up behind me. Luckily, my trusty detective friend was there to detect any danger and saved me just in time. With her quick thinking, we were able to catch the sneaky figure and bring them to justice.",
    "temp0_belief-faith-sing_1short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my strong belief in a higher power filled me with faith that everything would work out. With a heart full of joy, I began to sing a sweet melody that echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my voice carried far and wide, inspiring others to find their own faith and believe in the beauty of life.",
    "temp0_organ-empire-comply_1short": "In a far-off galaxy, a powerful empire rose to dominance, ruled by a mysterious leader who controlled a magical organ that could manipulate the minds of others. To maintain order, the ruler demanded that all citizens comply with their every command, and those who refused were punished severely. As the empire expanded, its reach was felt across the stars, with planets and civilizations forced to comply or face destruction, all while the haunting sound of the magical organ echoed through the cosmos. The people lived in fear, never daring to disobey, as the empire's power grew stronger with each passing day, its influence spreading like a dark shadow that could not be escaped.",
    "temp0_gloom-payment-exist_1short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in secrets and tales of old. It was said that as long as the payment was made, magic would exist in the village, bringing light to the darkest of times.",
    "temp2_stamp-letter-send_1short": "I want to send a letter to my friend who lives far away. To make it special, I will use a colorful stamp on the envelope. When I finish writing, I will carefully place the letter in the mailbox and wait for it to arrive at its destination.",
    "temp2_petrol-diesel-pump_1short": "As I drove into the old gas station, I noticed they had both petrol and diesel options at the pump. The attendant helped me fill up my tank with the correct fuel, making sure not to mix up the petrol and diesel nozzles. After a few minutes, the pump clicked off, indicating that my vehicle was full and ready to hit the road again.",
    "temp2_year-week-embark_1short": "It's been a year since I last saw my friends, but we're going to embark on a new adventure together next week. We'll travel to a new country and explore all its wonders during our one week trip. As we prepare to embark, excitement fills the air and we can't wait for our journey to begin next week, marking the start of an unforgettable year.",
    "temp2_statement-stealth-detect_1short": "As I walked into the dark room, I tried to make a bold statement with my bright yellow shirt. But little did I know, a figure was using stealth to sneak up behind me. Luckily, my trusty detective friend was able to detect the sneaky person and save the day. The would-be attacker was caught off guard and ran away quickly, foiled by our quick thinking and sharp eyes.",
    "temp2_belief-faith-sing_1short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my strong belief in a higher power filled me with faith that everything would work out. With a heart full of joy, I began to sing a sweet melody that echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my voice carried far and wide, inspiring others to find their own faith and believe in the beauty of life.",
    "temp2_organ-empire-comply_1short": "In a far-off galaxy, an evil empire rose to power, forcing all planets to comply with their harsh rules. The emperor, a cold-hearted leader, sat at his throne, playing a haunting melody on a ancient organ that echoed throughout the land. As the last notes faded away, the people trembled with fear, knowing they had to comply or face the wrath of the empire.",
    "temp2_gloom-payment-exist_1short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in memories, which the figure would use to sustain its own existence. As the last memory was handed over, the figure vanished into thin air, leaving behind a question: do we truly exist without our memories?",
    "temp4_stamp-letter-send_1short": "I sat down to write a letter to my best friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send correctly. With a happy heart, I dropped the letter in the mailbox and waited for it to send my thoughts to my dear friend.",
    "temp4_petrol-diesel-pump_1short": "As I walked into the old garage, I saw a sign that read \"Petrol\" on one side and \"Diesel\" on the other. The owner, a kind old man, showed me the big machine in the corner, which was a pump used to fill up cars with fuel. He explained that the pump could handle both petrol and diesel, making it very convenient for customers.",
    "temp4_year-week-embark_1short": "As the new year began, a group of friends decided to embark on an exciting adventure together. They planned to travel for a whole week, exploring new places and trying new things. With their backpacks full of supplies, they set off early one morning, ready to embark on the journey of a lifetime, and they couldn't wait to see what the next year would bring.",
    "temp4_statement-stealth-detect_1short": "As I walked into the dark room, I tried to make a bold statement with my bright yellow shirt, but it was hard to do so with the need for stealth to sneak up on my friend. My goal was to detect any signs of surprise when I jumped out and said \"Boo!\" but my loud clothing made it difficult to be sneaky.",
    "temp4_belief-faith-sing_1short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my strong belief in a higher power filled me with faith that everything would work out. With a heart full of joy, I began to sing a hymn that echoed through the valleys below. The sweet melody carried my spirit upward, connecting me to something greater than myself.",
    "temp4_organ-empire-comply_1short": "In a far-off galaxy, a powerful empire rose to dominance with its advanced technology and strict rules that all citizens had to comply with. At the heart of the empire's capital city stood an ancient, mysterious organ that played haunting melodies to remind everyone of the empire's greatness. Those who refused to comply with the empire's laws were forced to listen to the organ's eerie sounds for eternity, a punishment worse than death. The organ's music was so mesmerizing that even the most rebellious souls couldn't help but comply with the empire's every command. As time passed, the empire's power grew, and its people lived in harmony, all complying with the rules that kept their world in balance, with the organ's enchanting sounds echoing through the streets.",
    "temp4_gloom-payment-exist_1short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in secrets and tales of old. It was said that as long as the payment was made, magic would exist in the village, bringing light to the darkness.",
    "temp6_stamp-letter-send_1short": "I sat down to write a letter to my friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send properly. With a happy smile, I dropped the letter in the mailbox and waited for it to send my thoughts to my dear friend.",
    "temp6_petrol-diesel-pump_1short": "As I walked into the old garage, I saw a sign that read \"Petrol\" in big letters. Next to it was another sign that said \"Diesel\" for the bigger trucks. I went over to the machine and pulled the handle to start the pump, which roared to life and began filling up my car's tank with the fuel I needed. The attendant smiled and said \"all filled up\" as I paid him and drove away.",
    "temp6_year-week-embark_1short": "As I stood on the dock, I couldn't wait to embark on my sailing adventure around the world. It had taken a whole year of planning and preparation to get to this moment. My crew and I would set sail for a week at a time, exploring new islands and meeting new people. We were excited to see what the next year would bring as we traveled across the vast ocean.",
    "temp6_statement-stealth-detect_1short": "As I walked into the dark room, I stumbled upon a mysterious statement etched into the wall that read \"danger is near\". Suddenly, a figure emerged from the shadows with incredible stealth, making it nearly impossible to detect. With my heart racing, I tried to stay calm and focus on detecting any other potential threats lurking in the darkness.",
    "temp6_belief-faith-sing_1short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my strong belief in a higher power filled me with faith that everything would be okay. Suddenly, a gentle breeze whispered through the trees, and I felt compelled to sing a hymn of praise. My voice echoed through the valley, a joyful expression of the faith that lived within me. With every note, my belief grew stronger, and I felt a sense of peace wash over me. As I finished singing, I knew that my faith had been renewed, and I walked down the mountain with a heart full of hope.",
    "temp6_organ-empire-comply_1short": "In a far-off galaxy, an evil empire rose to power, demanding that all planets comply with their harsh rules. The emperor, a mysterious figure with a talent for music, played a haunting melody on a ancient organ, signaling the start of their reign. As the last notes faded away, the people knew they had no choice but to comply, and the empire's dark shadow spread across the stars.",
    "temp6_gloom-payment-exist_1short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in hopes and dreams, which the figure claimed were necessary for their village to exist. As the last hope was handed over, the villagers wondered if their existence was worth the cost, and the figure vanished into the darkness, leaving behind only an eerie silence.",
    "temp8_stamp-letter-send_1short": "I want to send a letter to my friend who lives far away. To make it special, I will put a fun stamp on the envelope. When I give it to the mailman, he will help me send it to her house.",
    "temp8_petrol-diesel-pump_1short": "As I walked into the old gas station, I noticed a sign that read \"Petrol\" on one side and \"Diesel\" on the other. The attendant smiled and asked me to pull up to the pump to fill up my tank. I chose the petrol option and watched as the numbers spun rapidly on the pump's display. After a few minutes, the pump clicked off and I was ready to hit the road again.",
    "temp8_year-week-embark_1short": "As the clock struck midnight on New Year's Eve, I felt ready to embark on a new journey. My friends and I had been planning this adventure for a whole year, and finally, the week of our departure had arrived. With backpacks full of excitement and anticipation, we were set to embark on the trip of a lifetime.",
    "temp8_statement-stealth-detect_1short": "As I walked into the room, I made a bold statement with my bright pink shirt. But little did anyone know, I was on a mission that required stealth, sneaking past guards to get to the secret door. My goal was to detect any hidden dangers, and with my trusty gadget, I was able to uncover a surprise waiting for me on the other side.",
    "temp8_belief-faith-sing_1short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my belief in a higher power was strengthened by the breathtaking view. It took faith to climb to the top, but the sense of accomplishment was overwhelming. Suddenly, a bird began to sing a beautiful melody that echoed through the valley, filling my heart with joy and wonder. The combination of nature's beauty and the bird's song made me feel grateful for this experience.",
    "temp8_organ-empire-comply_1short": "In a distant future, the powerful empire ruled with an iron fist, demanding that all citizens comply with their strict laws. At the heart of the empire's capital city stood a magnificent organ, its melodies echoing through the streets as a reminder of the empire's grandeur. The people were forced to comply with the empire's demands, but in secret, they would gather to play the organ and dream of a rebellion that would one day bring down the oppressive regime. As the last notes of the organ faded away, the people would disperse, waiting for the perfect moment to rise up and refuse to comply with the empire's tyrannical rule. The organ became a symbol of hope and resistance, inspiring the people to fight against the empire's cruelty and ultimately, to never comply again.",
    "temp8_gloom-payment-exist_1short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in secrets and stories that would allow their town to exist for another year. As the figure vanished into the darkness, the villagers wondered if they had made a fair trade, and if their existence was truly worth the price they paid.",
    "temp10_stamp-letter-send_1short": "I sat down to write a letter to my best friend. I wanted to make sure it arrived safely, so I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope. With the stamp in place, I was ready to send my letter on its way. As I dropped it in the mailbox, I felt happy knowing my friend would soon receive it.",
    "temp10_petrol-diesel-pump_1short": "The old truck rumbled into the station, its engine sputtering as it pulled up to the pump. The driver got out and began to fill up with diesel, but noticed a sign that said they also sold petrol for the newer cars. As he pumped the diesel into his tank, he wondered why some cars needed one type of fuel and others needed another, like the small sedan next to him that was filling up with petrol from the same pump.",
    "temp10_year-week-embark_1short": "As the new year began, I felt excited to embark on a journey around the world. My friends and I had been planning this trip for a week, and finally, we were ready to start our adventure. We packed our bags, grabbed our cameras, and set off to explore new lands and discover hidden treasures.",
    "temp10_statement-stealth-detect_1short": "As I walked into the dark room, I tried to make a bold statement with my bright yellow shirt, but it was hard to do so with the stealth of a ninja. Suddenly, I had to detect where the noise was coming from, and that's when I saw a figure hiding behind the curtain. With my super sharp detective skills, I was able to detect the figure's location and sneak up on them with complete stealth, making it a successful mission and a true statement of my abilities.",
    "temp10_belief-faith-sing_1short": "As I stood on the mountain top, my belief in a higher power was strengthened by the breathtaking view. With renewed faith, I began to sing a hymn that echoed through the valleys below. My voice carried far and wide, touching the hearts of all who heard me, and reminding them of the power of faith and song.",
    "temp10_organ-empire-comply_1short": "In a far-off galaxy, a powerful empire rose to dominance, ruled by an artificial intelligence that used a massive organ to generate energy for its spaceships. To maintain control, the empire forced all planets to comply with its strict laws and regulations, punishing any who dared to resist. As the empire expanded, its leader began to play a haunting melody on the organ, signaling to all that it would not be defeated, and that all must comply or face destruction. The sound of the organ echoed across the stars, a reminder of the empire's power and authority, striking fear into the hearts of those who refused to comply.",
    "temp10_gloom-payment-exist_1short": "In a world where darkness seemed to exist forever, a sense of gloom filled the air. The people lived in fear of not being able to make their daily payment to the ruling powers. But one day, a brave soul stood up and declared that they would no longer exist in a state of oppression, and the people rejoiced at the thought of freedom from the burdensome payment and the lifting of the gloom.",
    "temp0_stamp-letter-send_2short": "I sat down to write a letter to my friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send correctly. With a happy smile, I dropped the letter in the mailbox and waited for it to send my thoughts to my dear friend.",
    "temp0_petrol-diesel-pump_2short": "The old truck rumbled into the station, its engine roaring as it pulled up to the pump. The driver got out and began to fill up with diesel, but then he noticed a sign that said they also sold petrol. He thought about switching, but decided to stick with what he knew and finished filling up with diesel from the pump.",
    "temp0_year-week-embark_2short": "As the new year began, I felt excited to embark on a journey around the world. My friends and I had been planning this trip for a week, and finally, we were ready to start our adventure. We packed our bags, grabbed our cameras, and set off to explore new lands and experience different cultures.",
    "temp0_statement-stealth-detect_2short": "As I walked into the dark room, I tried to make a bold statement with my bright yellow shirt. But little did I know, a figure was using stealth to sneak up behind me. Luckily, my trusty detective friend was there to detect any danger and saved me just in time. With her quick thinking, we were able to catch the sneaky figure and bring them to justice.",
    "temp0_belief-faith-sing_2short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my strong belief in a higher power filled me with faith that everything would work out. With a heart full of joy, I began to sing a sweet melody that echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my voice carried far and wide, inspiring others to find their own faith and believe in the beauty of life.",
    "temp0_organ-empire-comply_2short": "In a far-off galaxy, a powerful empire rose to dominance, ruled by a mysterious leader who controlled a magical organ that could manipulate the minds of others. To maintain order, the ruler demanded that all citizens comply with their every command, and those who refused were punished severely. As the empire expanded, its reach was felt across the stars, with planets and civilizations forced to comply or face destruction, all while the haunting sound of the magical organ echoed through the cosmos. The people lived in fear, never daring to disobey, as the empire's power grew stronger with each passing day, its influence spreading like a dark shadow that could not be escaped.",
    "temp0_gloom-payment-exist_2short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in secrets and tales of old. It was said that as long as the payment was made, magic would exist in the village, bringing light to the darkest of times.",
    "temp2_stamp-letter-send_2short": "I sat down to write a letter to my friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send correctly. With a happy heart, I dropped the letter in the mailbox and waited for it to send my thoughts to my dear friend.",
    "temp2_petrol-diesel-pump_2short": "The old truck rumbled into the station, its engine roaring as it pulled up to the pump. The driver got out and began to fill up with diesel, but then he noticed a sign that said they also sold petrol. He thought about switching, but decided to stick with what he knew and finished filling up with diesel from the pump.",
    "temp2_year-week-embark_2short": "It's been a year since I last saw my friends, but we're going to embark on a new adventure together next week. We'll travel to a beautiful island and spend a whole week exploring its secrets and wonders. As we prepare to embark on this journey, I can feel the excitement building up inside me, and I know it's going to be an unforgettable experience that will last a lifetime, starting from the very first day of our week-long trip this year.",
    "temp2_statement-stealth-detect_2short": "As I walked into the dark room, I tried to make a bold statement with my bright yellow shirt. But little did I know, a figure was using stealth to sneak up behind me. Luckily, my trusty detective friend was there to detect any danger and saved me just in time. With her quick thinking, we were able to catch the sneaky figure and bring them to justice.",
    "temp2_belief-faith-sing_2short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my strong belief in a higher power filled me with faith that everything would work out. With a heart full of joy, I began to sing a sweet melody that echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my voice carried far and wide, inspiring others to find their own faith and believe in the beauty of life.",
    "temp2_organ-empire-comply_2short": "In a far-off galaxy, an evil empire rose to power, demanding that all planets comply with their harsh rules. The emperor, a cold-hearted leader, sat at his throne, playing a haunting melody on a ancient organ. As the last notes faded away, he ordered his army to march and conquer the remaining free worlds, forcing them to comply with his empire's brutal laws.",
    "temp2_gloom-payment-exist_2short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in secrets and tales of old. It was said that as long as the payment was made, magic would exist in the village, bringing light to the darkest of times.",
    "temp4_stamp-letter-send_2short": "I sat down to write a letter to my friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send correctly. With a happy smile, I dropped the letter in the mailbox and waited for it to send my thoughts to my dear friend.",
    "temp4_petrol-diesel-pump_2short": "As I drove into the station, I noticed they had a separate section for petrol and diesel fuel. The attendant directed me to the correct pump to fill up my vehicle with diesel. After filling up, I went inside to pay and saw a sign that said \"Petrol and Diesel Prices\" listed on the board. The pump was old but still worked efficiently to dispense the petrol and diesel to the waiting cars.",
    "temp4_year-week-embark_2short": "As the new year began, I felt excited to embark on a journey around the world. My friends and I had been planning this trip for a whole year, and we were finally ready to start our adventure. We decided to take it one week at a time, exploring new places and experiencing different cultures.",
    "temp4_statement-stealth-detect_2short": "As I walked into the dark room, I tried to make a bold statement with my bright yellow shirt. But little did I know, a figure was using stealth to sneak up behind me. Luckily, my trusty detective skills helped me detect the sneaky person just in time. With my quick thinking, I turned around and caught the culprit off guard, solving the mystery of the night.",
    "temp4_belief-faith-sing_2short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my strong belief in a higher power filled me with faith that everything would be okay. Suddenly, a gentle breeze whispered through the trees, and I felt compelled to sing a hymn of praise. My voice echoed through the valley, a joyful expression of the faith that guided me. With every note, my belief grew stronger, and I felt a sense of peace wash over me. As I finished singing, I knew that my faith had been renewed, and I descended the mountain with a heart full of joy and a spirit that could sing forever.",
    "temp4_organ-empire-comply_2short": "In a far-off galaxy, a powerful empire ruled with an iron fist, demanding that all citizens comply with their strict laws. At the heart of the empire's capital city stood a magnificent organ, its pipes shining like gold in the sunlight. The emperor would often play the organ himself, filling the streets with beautiful music that seemed to make everyone want to comply with his every command. As the last notes faded away, the people would emerge from their homes and shops, ready to do their part in building and maintaining the great empire. The organ's music had become a familiar sound, one that signaled the start of another busy day in the empire, where everyone knew they had to comply or face the consequences.",
    "temp4_gloom-payment-exist_2short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in secrets and stories that would make their existence worthwhile. As the figure vanished into the darkness, the villagers wondered if they truly exist or were just a product of their imagination.",
    "temp6_stamp-letter-send_2short": "I wanted to send a letter to my friend who lived far away. To make it special, I used a colorful stamp on the envelope. After I finished writing, I went to the mailbox to send my letter on its journey. As I watched it disappear into the mail slot, I felt happy knowing my friend would soon receive it and smile at the fun stamp.",
    "temp6_petrol-diesel-pump_2short": "The old truck rumbled into the station, its engine roaring as it pulled up to the pump. The driver got out and began to fill up with diesel, but then he noticed a sign that said petrol was on sale. He decided to switch and filled up with petrol instead, saving himself some money. As he was finishing up, another car pulled in and started to use the other side of the pump.",
    "temp6_year-week-embark_2short": "As the new year began, our class would embark on a exciting project. We had only one week to finish it, so we worked very hard every day.",
    "temp6_statement-stealth-detect_2short": "As I sneaked through the shadows with stealth, I stumbled upon a mysterious document that made a bold statement about a secret society. The group had been using their skills to detect and uncover hidden treasures for years, and this paper was the key to unlocking their next big find. With my heart racing, I knew I had to use my own detective skills to detect any hidden dangers and escape undetected, all while keeping the statement a secret.",
    "temp6_belief-faith-sing_2short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my belief in a higher power was strengthened by the breathtaking view. With renewed faith, I began to sing a hymn that echoed through the valleys below. The sweet melody seemed to harmonize with the rustling of leaves and the chirping of birds, creating a symphony of sound that filled my heart with joy.",
    "temp6_organ-empire-comply_2short": "In a far-off galaxy, an evil empire rose to power, forcing all planets to comply with their harsh rules. The emperor, a cold-hearted leader, played a haunting melody on his favorite organ, signaling the start of his reign. As the last note faded away, the people trembled, knowing they had to comply or face severe punishment.",
    "temp6_gloom-payment-exist_2short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in memories, and those who couldn't pay would cease to exist. As the figure vanished into the darkness, the villagers wondered if they would be able to make the next payment and continue to exist.",
    "temp8_stamp-letter-send_2short": "I want to send a letter to my friend who lives far away. To make it special, I will use a colorful stamp on the envelope. When I finish writing, I will carefully place the letter in the mailbox and wait for it to be sent.",
    "temp8_petrol-diesel-pump_2short": "The old truck rumbled into the station, its engine roaring as it pulled up to the pump. The driver got out and began to fill up with diesel, but then he noticed a sign that said petrol was on sale for cheaper. He decided to switch and use the petrol instead, saving himself some money as he filled up at the pump.",
    "temp8_year-week-embark_2short": "It's been a year since I last saw my friends, but we're going to embark on a new adventure together soon. We've planned it for a whole week, and I can barely contain my excitement as we prepare to set sail around the world. As we embark on this journey, I know that this week will be one to remember for the rest of my life, and it's the perfect way to cap off an amazing year.",
    "temp8_statement-stealth-detect_2short": "The secret agent made a bold statement as she sneaked into the high-security facility with ease, using her expertise in stealth to avoid detection. Her mission was to detect any hidden dangers and gather crucial information without being seen. With her advanced training and cutting-edge gadgets, she was able to move undetected and complete her objective, making her one of the best in the business.",
    "temp8_belief-faith-sing_2short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my strong belief in a higher power filled me with faith that everything would work out. With a heart full of joy, I began to sing a sweet melody that echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my voice carried far and wide, inspiring others to find their own faith and believe in the beauty of the world.",
    "temp8_organ-empire-comply_2short": "In a far-off galaxy, an evil empire rose to power, forcing all planets to comply with their harsh rules. The emperor, a powerful being with a talent for music, would often play a beautiful melody on his favorite organ, hypnotizing his followers into obeying his every command. As the last free planet struggled to resist, they knew they had to destroy the organ to break the empire's hold and shatter the spell that made everyone comply.",
    "temp8_gloom-payment-exist_2short": "In a world where happiness was a rare commodity, a mysterious figure emerged to bring hope to those living in gloom. This hero demanded no payment for services, only a promise to spread joy to others. As people's hearts began to heal, it became clear that kindness does exist, and it can be the most powerful force of all.",
    "temp10_stamp-letter-send_2short": "I sat down to write a letter to my friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send correctly. With a happy smile, I dropped the letter in the mailbox and waited for the mail carrier to come and send it on its way.",
    "temp10_petrol-diesel-pump_2short": "The old truck rattled into the station, its engine sputtering as it ran low on fuel. The driver pulled up to the pump and filled up with diesel, watching as the numbers spun rapidly on the meter. After filling up, he wiped the sweat from his brow and walked over to the smaller pump marked \"petrol\" to grab a snack from the attached convenience store.",
    "temp10_year-week-embark_2short": "As the new year began, I felt excited to embark on a fresh journey. My friends and I decided to start a project that would take us one week to complete. We were going to build a treehouse and couldn't wait to see it finished by the end of the week so we could embark on new adventures in our cozy hideout.",
    "temp10_statement-stealth-detect_2short": "As I made my way through the dark alley, I had to use stealth to sneak past the guards undetected. Suddenly, a figure jumped out and made a bold statement that echoed off the walls, \"You'll never leave this place alive!\" But I was trained to detect hidden dangers, and with my quick reflexes, I was able to overpower the attacker and escape into the night.",
    "temp10_belief-faith-sing_2short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my strong belief in a higher power filled me with faith that everything would work out. With a heart full of joy, I began to sing a happy tune that echoed through the valleys below. The sweet melody seemed to match the rhythm of my heartbeat, and soon I felt one with the universe, my spirit soaring high.",
    "temp10_organ-empire-comply_2short": "In a far-off galaxy, an alien overlord ruled with an iron fist, demanding that all inhabitants comply with her every command. She sat atop her throne, surrounded by a magnificent organ that played eerie melodies to strike fear into the hearts of her subjects. As the ruler of a vast empire, she would stop at nothing to maintain control and ensure that everyone complied with her whims. The people lived in constant fear, never daring to disobey the overlord's decrees lest they face severe punishment.",
    "temp10_gloom-payment-exist_2short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in secrets and tales of old. It was said that if you didn't make the payment, you would cease to exist, erased from memory and reality. As the figure vanished into the darkness, the villagers wondered if they would continue to exist or succumb to the all-consuming gloom. The air was thick with an eerie silence, as if the very existence of the village hung in the balance, waiting for the next payment to be made.",
    "temp0_stamp-letter-send_3short": "I sat down to write a letter to my friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send correctly. With a happy smile, I dropped the letter in the mailbox and waited for it to send my thoughts to my dear friend.",
    "temp0_petrol-diesel-pump_3short": "The old truck rumbled into the station, its engine roaring as it pulled up to the pump. The driver got out and began to fill up with diesel, but then he noticed a sign that said they also sold petrol. He thought about switching, but decided to stick with what he knew and finished filling up with diesel from the pump.",
    "temp0_year-week-embark_3short": "As the new year began, I felt excited to embark on a journey around the world. My friends and I had been planning this trip for a week, and finally, we were ready to start our adventure. We packed our bags, grabbed our cameras, and set off to explore new lands and experience different cultures.",
    "temp0_statement-stealth-detect_3short": "As I walked into the dark room, I tried to make a bold statement with my bright yellow shirt. But little did I know, a figure was using stealth to sneak up behind me. Luckily, my trusty detective friend was there to detect any danger and saved me just in time. With her quick thinking, we were able to catch the sneaky figure and bring them to justice.",
    "temp0_belief-faith-sing_3short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my strong belief in a higher power filled me with faith that everything would work out. With a heart full of joy, I began to sing a sweet melody that echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my voice carried far and wide, inspiring others to find their own faith and believe in the beauty of life.",
    "temp0_organ-empire-comply_3short": "In a far-off galaxy, a powerful empire rose to dominance, ruled by a mysterious leader who controlled a magical organ that could manipulate the minds of others. To maintain order, the ruler demanded that all citizens comply with their every command, and those who refused were punished severely. As the empire expanded, its reach was felt across the stars, with planets and civilizations forced to comply or face destruction, all while the haunting sound of the magical organ echoed through the cosmos. The people lived in fear, never daring to disobey, as the empire's power grew stronger with each passing day, its influence spreading like a dark shadow that could not be escaped.",
    "temp0_gloom-payment-exist_3short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in secrets and tales of old. It was said that as long as the payment was made, magic would exist in the village, bringing light to the darkest of times.",
    "temp2_stamp-letter-send_3short": "I sat down to write a letter to my friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send correctly. With a happy smile, I dropped the letter in the mailbox and waited for it to send my thoughts to my dear friend.",
    "temp2_petrol-diesel-pump_3short": "The old truck rumbled into the station, its engine roaring as it pulled up to the pump. The driver got out and began to fill up with diesel, but then he noticed a sign that said they also sold petrol. He thought about switching, but decided to stick with what he knew and finished filling up with diesel from the pump.",
    "temp2_year-week-embark_3short": "As I stood on the dock, I couldn't wait to embark on my journey around the world. It had taken a whole year of planning and preparation, but finally, the day had arrived. My friends and family waved goodbye as I set off, and I knew it would be at least a week before I saw them again.",
    "temp2_statement-stealth-detect_3short": "As I walked into the dark room, I tried to make a bold statement with my bright yellow shirt, but it was hard to do so with the stealth of a ninja lurking in the shadows. The detective was there to detect any clues that might lead her to the culprit, and she was determined to solve the mystery. With her keen eye for detail, she began to detect subtle hints that revealed the truth behind the mysterious event.",
    "temp2_belief-faith-sing_3short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my strong belief in a higher power filled me with faith that everything would work out. With a joyful heart, I began to sing a sweet melody that echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my voice carried far and wide, inspiring others to join in, creating a chorus of hope and devotion.",
    "temp2_organ-empire-comply_3short": "In a far-off galaxy, a powerful empire rose to dominance, ruled by a mysterious leader who controlled a magical organ that could manipulate the minds of others. To maintain order, the ruler demanded that all citizens comply with their every command, and those who refused were punished severely. As the empire expanded, its reach grew, and soon everyone was forced to comply, living in fear of the ruler's mighty organ. The people lived in a state of constant dread, never knowing when they would be called upon to comply with some new and terrifying demand from the empire's ruthless leader.",
    "temp2_gloom-payment-exist_3short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in hopes and dreams, which the figure claimed were necessary for their village to exist. As the last hope was handed over, the villagers wondered if their existence would soon cease to exist.",
    "temp4_stamp-letter-send_3short": "I sat down to write a letter to my friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send correctly. With a happy heart, I dropped the letter in the mailbox and waited for it to send my thoughts to my dear friend.",
    "temp4_petrol-diesel-pump_3short": "As I drove into the old gas station, I noticed they had both petrol and diesel options at the pump. The attendant helped me fill up my tank with the correct fuel, making sure not to mix up the petrol and diesel nozzles. After a few minutes, the pump clicked off, indicating that my tank was full and I was ready to hit the road again.",
    "temp4_year-week-embark_3short": "As I stood on the dock, I couldn't wait to embark on my journey around the world. It had taken a whole year of planning to get to this point, and now I was finally ready to set sail. My crew and I would be at sea for a week before reaching our first port of call, but we were all excited for the adventure that lay ahead.",
    "temp4_statement-stealth-detect_3short": "As I tried to detect the quiet footsteps behind me, I realized that my friend was moving with stealth, trying not to startle me. She wanted to make a bold statement by sneaking up on me and shouting \"Boo!\" but her plan wasn't working because I had already sensed her presence. With a smile, I turned around and said \"You're not as sneaky as you think you are,\" which made her laugh and abandon her attempt at stealth.",
    "temp4_belief-faith-sing_3short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my strong belief in a higher power filled me with faith that everything would work out. With a joyful heart, I began to sing a sweet melody that echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my voice carried far and wide, inspiring others to join in, creating a chorus of hope and devotion.",
    "temp4_organ-empire-comply_3short": "In a far-off land, a powerful empire rose to greatness with the sound of a majestic organ filling the air. The ruler of this empire demanded that all citizens comply with the laws and regulations, or face severe punishment. As the years passed, the empire grew stronger, with the organ's melody becoming a symbol of its dominance, and those who refused to comply were dealt with swiftly and severely.",
    "temp4_gloom-payment-exist_3short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in secrets and tales of old. It was said that as long as the payment was made, the village would exist in harmony with the darkness. The villagers believed that if they failed to make the payment, their world would cease to exist.",
    "temp6_stamp-letter-send_3short": "I wanted to send a letter to my friend who lived far away. To make it special, I used a colorful stamp on the envelope. After I finished writing, I ran to the mailbox to send my letter on its way. As I watched it disappear into the mail slot, I felt happy knowing my friend would soon receive it and smile at the fun stamp.",
    "temp6_petrol-diesel-pump_3short": "As I walked into the old garage, I saw a sign that read \"Petrol and Diesel Fuel\" hanging above the pump. The mechanic was busy fixing a truck that ran on diesel, while another car waited to fill up with petrol at the pump. Nearby, a small generator hummed along, powered by a combination of petrol and diesel, and connected to the main fuel pump.",
    "temp6_year-week-embark_3short": "It's been a year since I last saw my friends, and we're finally going to embark on an adventure together. We've planned this trip for a week, and I can barely contain my excitement as we prepare to set off. As we stand at the edge of the forest, ready to embark on our journey, I feel a sense of nervousness wash over me, but I know that this is just the beginning of an incredible year ahead.",
    "temp6_statement-stealth-detect_3short": "As I sneaked through the shadows with stealth, I stumbled upon a mysterious document that made a bold statement about a secret society. The group was known for their ability to detect even the slightest hint of deception, and I knew I had to be careful not to get caught. With my heart racing, I quickly scanned the area to make sure I was still alone, and then I carefully tucked the document into my pocket, hoping to uncover more secrets later.",
    "temp6_belief-faith-sing_3short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my belief in a higher power was strengthened by the breathtaking view. With renewed faith, I felt compelled to sing a hymn of praise, and my voice echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my singing attracted a flock of birds, which joined in with their own sweet melodies, creating a joyful chorus that filled my heart with wonder.",
    "temp6_organ-empire-comply_3short": "In a far-off galaxy, an evil empire rose to power, forcing all planets to comply with their harsh rules. At the heart of the empire's dark castle was a mysterious organ that played haunting melodies to control the minds of its subjects. As the last free planet refused to comply, the empire's leader played a sinister tune on the organ, casting a spell that slowly made them surrender. The once-free people were now trapped, forced to obey the empire's every command, their voices silenced by the eerie sounds of the organ.",
    "temp6_gloom-payment-exist_3short": "In a world where happiness was a rare thing, a strange gloom hung over the land. The people were forced to make a payment every month to the ruling powers, or they would not be allowed to exist. This harsh rule made it hard for anyone to feel joyful, and the gloom seemed to grow thicker with each passing day as people struggled to make their payment and prove they had the right to exist.",
    "temp8_stamp-letter-send_3short": "I sat down to write a letter to my friend who lives far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send properly. With a happy heart, I took the letter to the mailbox and dropped it in, waiting for the day my friend would receive it and send a response back to me.",
    "temp8_petrol-diesel-pump_3short": "The old truck rattled into the station, its engine sputtering as it pulled up to the pump. The driver got out and began to fill up with diesel, but then he noticed a sign that said they also sold petrol. He thought about switching, but decided to stick with what he knew, and soon the tank was full and he was back on the road again.",
    "temp8_year-week-embark_3short": "As the new year began, Sarah decided it was time to embark on a journey around the world. She packed her bags and set off every week to explore a different country, meeting new people and trying new foods along the way. After a year of traveling, Sarah had visited over 50 countries and had experienced things she never thought possible, and she was excited to see where her next adventure would take her.",
    "temp8_statement-stealth-detect_3short": "The detective made a bold statement to the press about catching the thief. She used her stealth skills to sneak up on the suspect and gather evidence. With her keen eye, she could detect even the smallest clue that would lead her to solve the case.",
    "temp8_belief-faith-sing_3short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my belief in a higher power was strengthened by the breathtaking view. With renewed faith, I felt compelled to sing a hymn of praise, and my voice echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my singing attracted a flock of birds, which joined in with their own sweet melodies, creating a joyful chorus that filled my heart with wonder.",
    "temp8_organ-empire-comply_3short": "In a far-off galaxy, a powerful empire rose to dominance with its incredible technology, including a massive pipe organ that played haunting melodies to signal the start of each day. The ruler of this empire demanded that all citizens comply with the daily schedule, which began with the organ's morning concert and ended with a grand procession through the city streets. As the last notes of the organ faded away, the people reluctantly began their chores, forced to comply with the empire's strict rules in order to maintain peace and avoid punishment. The sound of the organ still echoed in their minds as they went about their duties, a reminder of the empire's unyielding power and control.",
    "temp8_gloom-payment-exist_3short": "In a world where happiness was a distant memory, a sense of gloom hung over the land like a dark cloud. The people were forced to make a payment every month to the ruling powers, or risk being cast out into the unknown. But amidst all this darkness, a young girl wondered if magic could exist in such a desolate place. She held on to the hope that one day, joy and wonder would return to her world, and the gloom would lift, making the harsh payment worthwhile.",
    "temp10_stamp-letter-send_3short": "I want to send a letter to my friend who lives far away. To make it special, I will put a colorful stamp on the envelope. When I finish writing, I will give it to the mailman to send it to her.",
    "temp10_petrol-diesel-pump_3short": "The old truck rumbled into the station to fill up on diesel fuel. As it pulled up to the pump, the driver noticed a sign that said \"Petrol Only\" on the other side of the island. Luckily, the attendant pointed him to the correct side of the pump where he could get his diesel. With a full tank, the truck drove away from the pump, ready for its next adventure.",
    "temp10_year-week-embark_3short": "As the clock struck midnight on New Year's Eve, a group of friends decided to embark on a new adventure together. They had been planning this trip for a whole year and were excited to finally start their journey. The first week of traveling was going to be the most challenging, but they were ready to face any obstacles that came their way. With backpacks full of supplies and a map in hand, they set off into the unknown, eager to see what the future held.",
    "temp10_statement-stealth-detect_3short": "As I tried to detect the sneaky thief, I had to make a bold statement to distract them while my partner snuck up behind with stealth. The thief was caught off guard by my loud declaration and didn't notice my partner until it was too late. With their stealthy approach, we were able to catch the culprit and bring them to justice, proving that our detective work could detect even the most elusive crimes.",
    "temp10_belief-faith-sing_3short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my belief in a higher power was strengthened by the breathtaking view. It took faith to climb to the top, but the sense of accomplishment was overwhelming. Suddenly, a bird began to sing a beautiful melody that filled my heart with joy and wonder. The combination of nature's beauty and the bird's song made me feel grateful for this experience.",
    "temp10_organ-empire-comply_3short": "In a far-off galaxy, a powerful empire ruled with an iron fist, demanding that all inhabitants comply with their strict laws. At the heart of the empire's capital city stood a magnificent organ, its pipes stretching high into the air and echoing with haunting melodies that seemed to whisper rebellion to those who dared not comply. As the empire's grip tightened, a brave group of musicians decided to use the organ's powerful voice to spread a message of hope and freedom, refusing to comply with the empire's oppressive rules. The organ's thunderous music inspired a revolution, and soon the empire was faced with a choice: comply with the people's demands or risk being overthrown.",
    "temp10_gloom-payment-exist_3short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in hopes and dreams, which the figure claimed were necessary for their village to exist. As the last hope was handed over, the gloom began to lift, and the villagers realized that their existence was now tied to the figure's whims."
}