{
    "temp0_stamp-letter-send_1short": "I sat down to write a letter to my friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send correctly. With a happy smile, I dropped the letter in the mailbox and waited for it to send my thoughts to my dear friend.",
    "temp0_petrol-diesel-pump_1short": "As I drove into the station, I noticed they had both petrol and diesel options at the pump. The attendant helped me fill up my tank with the correct fuel type, making sure not to mix up the petrol and diesel nozzles. After a few minutes, the pump stopped and my vehicle was ready to hit the road again.",
    "temp0_year-week-embark_1short": "As the new year began, a group of friends decided to embark on an exciting adventure together. They planned to travel for a whole week, exploring new places and trying new things. With their backpacks full of supplies, they set off early one morning, ready to embark on the journey of a lifetime, and make the most of their week-long trip that would be remembered for the entire year.",
    "temp0_statement-stealth-detect_1short": "As I walked into the dark room, I tried to make a bold statement with my bright yellow shirt. But little did I know, a figure was using stealth to sneak up behind me. Luckily, my trusty detective friend was there to detect any potential danger and saved me just in time. With her quick thinking, we were able to catch the sneaky figure and bring them to justice.",
    "temp0_belief-faith-sing_1short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my belief in a higher power was strengthened by the breathtaking view. With renewed faith, I felt compelled to sing a hymn of praise, and my voice echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my singing attracted a flock of birds, which joined in with their own sweet melodies, creating a joyful chorus that filled my heart with wonder.",
    "temp0_organ-empire-comply_1short": "In a far-off galaxy, an evil empire rose to power, forcing all planets to comply with their harsh rules. The emperor, a mysterious figure with a talent for music, would often play a haunting melody on his favorite organ to remind his subjects of his dominance. As the last notes faded away, the people knew they had to comply or face severe punishment, and so they lived in fear of the empire's mighty power.",
    "temp0_gloom-payment-exist_1short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in secrets and tales of old. It was said that as long as the payment was made, the village would exist in harmony with the darkness. The villagers believed that if they failed to make the payment, their world would cease to exist.",
    "temp2_stamp-letter-send_1short": "I sat down to write a letter to my friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send correctly. With a happy heart, I dropped the letter in the mailbox and waited for it to send my thoughts to my dear friend.",
    "temp2_petrol-diesel-pump_1short": "The old truck rumbled into the station, its engine roaring as it pulled up to the pump. The driver got out and began to fill up with diesel, but then he noticed a sign that said they also sold petrol. He thought about switching, but decided to stick with what he knew and finished filling up with diesel from the pump.",
    "temp2_year-week-embark_1short": "As the new year began, a group of friends decided to embark on an exciting adventure together. They planned to travel for a whole week, exploring new places and trying new things. With their backpacks full of supplies, they set off early one morning, ready to embark on the journey of a lifetime, and they couldn't wait to see what the year had in store for them.",
    "temp2_statement-stealth-detect_1short": "As I walked into the dark room, I tried to make a bold statement with my bright yellow shirt, but it was hard to do so with the stealth of a ninja lurking in the shadows. The detective had to use her skills to detect any hidden dangers, and she soon discovered that the ninja was not alone. With her quick thinking, she was able to detect the trap set by the ninja and his friends, saving us all from certain doom.",
    "temp2_belief-faith-sing_1short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my belief in a higher power was strengthened by the breathtaking view. With renewed faith, I felt compelled to sing a hymn of praise, and my voice echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my singing attracted a flock of birds, which joined in with their own sweet melodies, creating a joyful chorus that filled my heart with wonder.",
    "temp2_organ-empire-comply_1short": "In a far-off galaxy, a powerful empire rose to dominance, ruled by an evil leader who demanded that all citizens comply with their strict laws. The people lived in fear, forced to obey every command, until one brave musician discovered an ancient organ hidden deep within the empire's castle walls. As she played the organ's haunting melodies, the empire's grip on the people began to weaken, and soon the citizens were inspired to resist and fight back against their oppressors. The music of the organ became a symbol of hope and freedom, and the empire was eventually overthrown, allowing the people to live in peace and harmony once more.",
    "temp2_gloom-payment-exist_1short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in secrets and stories that would make their existence worthwhile. It was said that if you couldn't pay, you wouldn't exist, and the thought sent chills down everyone's spine. As the figure vanished into the darkness, the villagers wondered if they truly exist or were just a product of someone's imagination.",
    "temp4_stamp-letter-send_1short": "I sat down to write a letter to my friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send correctly. With a happy smile, I dropped the letter in the mailbox and waited for it to send my thoughts to my dear friend.",
    "temp4_petrol-diesel-pump_1short": "The old truck rumbled into the station, its engine sputtering as it pulled up to the pump. The driver got out and began to fill up with diesel, but then he noticed a sign that said they also sold petrol. He thought about switching, but decided to stick with what he knew and finished filling up with diesel from the pump.",
    "temp4_year-week-embark_1short": "As the new year began, a group of friends decided to embark on an exciting adventure together. They planned their trip for a whole week, packing and preparing for the journey ahead. With their bags full and spirits high, they were ready to embark on their quest, exploring new lands and discovering hidden wonders every day of that unforgettable week, and it would be a year to remember.",
    "temp4_statement-stealth-detect_1short": "As I walked into the dark room, I tried to make a bold statement with my bright yellow shirt. But little did I know, a figure was using stealth to sneak up behind me. Luckily, my trusty dog's keen senses helped detect the stranger and alert me to potential danger. With my dog by my side, I felt safe and confident once again.",
    "temp4_belief-faith-sing_1short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my belief in a higher power was strengthened by the breathtaking view. With renewed faith, I felt compelled to sing a hymn of praise, and my voice echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my singing attracted a flock of birds, which joined in with their own sweet melodies, creating a chorus of joy and wonder.",
    "temp4_organ-empire-comply_1short": "In a far-off galaxy, an evil empire rose to power, forcing all planets to comply with their strict rules. The emperor, a mysterious figure with a talent for music, played a haunting melody on a ancient organ that echoed across the stars. As the last notes faded away, the people of the galaxy reluctantly began to comply with the empire's demands, fearing the consequences of rebellion.",
    "temp4_gloom-payment-exist_1short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in memories, and those who could not pay would cease to exist. As the figure vanished into the darkness, the villagers wondered if they would be able to make the next payment and continue to exist.",
    "temp6_stamp-letter-send_1short": "I sat down to write a letter to my friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send correctly. With a happy heart, I took the letter to the mailbox and dropped it in, waiting for the day my friend would receive it and send a response back to me.",
    "temp6_petrol-diesel-pump_1short": "As I drove into the station, I noticed they had a special pump for petrol and another one for diesel. The attendant helped me fill up my tank with the correct fuel, making sure not to mix up the petrol and diesel pumps. After filling up, I paid and continued on my journey, feeling relieved that I didn't have to worry about finding another station with a working pump for miles.",
    "temp6_year-week-embark_1short": "As I stood on the dock, I couldn't wait to embark on my journey around the world. It had been a year of planning and preparation, and finally, the day had arrived to set sail. My crew and I would be at sea for a week, navigating through treacherous waters and discovering hidden treasures.",
    "temp6_statement-stealth-detect_1short": "As I sneaked through the shadows with stealth, I stumbled upon a mysterious document that made a bold statement about a secret society. The detectives were trying to detect any clues that could lead them to the truth, but the society's members were too clever and always one step ahead. With my heart racing, I realized I had to be careful not to get caught, or my discovery would be useless and the statement would remain a secret forever.",
    "temp6_belief-faith-sing_1short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my strong belief in a higher power gave me the faith to let go of my fears. With a heart full of joy, I began to sing a sweet melody that echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my voice carried far and wide, touching the hearts of all who heard it, and reminding them of the power of faith and belief.",
    "temp6_organ-empire-comply_1short": "In a far-off galaxy, an evil empire rose to power, forcing all planets to comply with their harsh rules. The emperor, a mysterious figure with a penchant for music, would often play a haunting melody on his favorite organ, striking fear into the hearts of those who dared to resist. As the last remnants of rebellion faded away, the people were left with no choice but to comply, and the empire's dark shadow loomed over the galaxy, its power echoing through the ominous strains of the emperor's organ.",
    "temp6_gloom-payment-exist_1short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in secrets and tales of old. It was said that if you failed to make the payment, you would cease to exist, erased from the memories of all who knew you. As the last villager made their payment, the figure vanished into the darkness, leaving behind only a whisper that echoed through eternity: \"to exist is to pay\".",
    "temp8_stamp-letter-send_1short": "I want to send a letter to my friend. To mail it, I need to put a stamp on the envelope. After I put the stamp on, I can send the letter and wait for a response.",
    "temp8_petrol-diesel-pump_1short": "The old truck rumbled into the station, its engine roaring as it pulled up to the pump. The driver got out and began to fill up with diesel, but his friend's car was next to him filling up with petrol. As they waited, they chatted about their road trip and how reliable the pump had been over the years. After a few minutes, they finished up and drove off into the sunset, ready for their next adventure.",
    "temp8_year-week-embark_1short": "It's been a year since I last saw my friends, but we're about to embark on an exciting adventure together. We've planned this trip for a week, and I can barely contain my excitement as we prepare to set off. As we embark on our journey, I know that the next week will be one of the most memorable times of my life, and it's great to be sharing it with the people I care about after such a long year.",
    "temp8_statement-stealth-detect_1short": "The detective was known for her ability to detect even the smallest clues. With stealth and precision, she snuck into the suspect's office to gather evidence. As she searched through the files, she stumbled upon a surprising statement that revealed the truth behind the mysterious case. The statement led her to the hidden safe, where she found the proof she needed to solve the crime.",
    "temp8_belief-faith-sing_1short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my belief in a higher power grew stronger with each breath of fresh air. With unwavering faith, I raised my arms to the sky and began to sing a hymn of praise, letting the melody echo through the valleys below. The sound of my voice harmonized with the rustling leaves and chirping birds, creating a symphony that filled my heart with joy and peace.",
    "temp8_organ-empire-comply_1short": "In a distant galaxy, a powerful empire rose to dominance, with its leader demanding that all planets comply with their strict rules. At the heart of the empire's capital city stood a magnificent organ, its melodies echoing through the streets as a symbol of the ruler's grandeur. As the last notes faded away, the people knew they had to comply with the empire's decrees, or face severe consequences. The organ's haunting sounds seemed to reverberate deep within their souls, reminding them of the empire's unyielding power and their need to comply.",
    "temp8_gloom-payment-exist_1short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged with an offer of payment to those who could uncover the secrets that exist beyond the veil of darkness. The figure's true intentions were unclear, but the promise of reward was enough to entice many brave souls to take on the challenge and explore the unknown realms that exist. As they delved deeper into the shadows, they began to realize that the payment would come at a steep price, one that would change their lives forever and make them question whether they truly exist.",
    "temp10_stamp-letter-send_1short": "I want to send a letter to my friend who lives far away. To make it extra special, I will put a colorful stamp on the envelope. After I write the letter and put the stamp on, I will take it to the mailbox to send it on its way.",
    "temp10_petrol-diesel-pump_1short": "As I drove into the gas station, I noticed they had a separate section for petrol and diesel fuel. The attendant directed me to the pump where I could fill up my car with the correct type of fuel. After filling up, I went inside to pay and saw a sign that explained the difference between petrol and diesel engines.",
    "temp10_year-week-embark_1short": "It's been a year since I last saw my friends, but we're finally going to embark on a new adventure together. We've planned this trip for a week, and we're all super excited to explore the mountains and forests. As we prepare to embark, our excitement grows, and we can't wait to see what the next week will bring.",
    "temp10_statement-stealth-detect_1short": "As I tried to detect the hidden treasure, I had to use stealth to sneak past the guards. My friend made a bold statement that we would find it before sunrise, and I was determined to make it true. With my heart racing, I finally detected a small chest buried beneath the sand, and we made our escape under the cover of darkness, our stealth mission a success.",
    "temp10_belief-faith-sing_1short": "As I stood on the mountain top, my strong belief in a higher power filled me with faith that everything would be okay. With a heart full of joy, I began to sing a hymn that echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my voice carried far and wide, inspiring others to join in and sing with me, creating a chorus of hope and devotion.",
    "temp10_organ-empire-comply_1short": "In a far-off galaxy, an alien overlord ruled with an iron fist over her vast organ-playing empire. Her subjects were forced to comply with her every demand, including mandatory music lessons to perfect their intergalactic harmonies. As the overlord's power grew, so did her love for the complex melodies that filled the cosmos, and soon her empire was renowned for its beautiful organ concerts that brought peace to the stars. The alien ruler's legacy lived on forever, a reminder to always comply with the universal language of music that echoed through her eternal empire.",
    "temp10_gloom-payment-exist_1short": "In a world where happiness was a distant memory, a strange gloom had settled over the land. It was said that to lift this darkness, a mysterious payment must be made to an unknown entity. Many believed that such an entity didn't exist, but one brave soul set out to uncover the truth and save their world from eternal shadow.",
    "temp0_stamp-letter-send_2short": "I sat down to write a letter to my friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send correctly. With a happy smile, I dropped the letter in the mailbox and waited for it to send my thoughts to my dear friend.",
    "temp0_petrol-diesel-pump_2short": "As I drove into the station, I noticed they had both petrol and diesel options at the pump. The attendant helped me fill up my tank with the correct fuel type, making sure not to mix up the petrol and diesel nozzles. After a few minutes, the pump stopped and my vehicle was ready to hit the road again.",
    "temp0_year-week-embark_2short": "As the new year began, a group of friends decided to embark on an exciting adventure together. They planned to travel for a whole week, exploring new places and trying new things. With their backpacks full of supplies, they set off early one morning, ready to embark on the journey of a lifetime, and make the most of their week-long trip that would be remembered for the entire year.",
    "temp0_statement-stealth-detect_2short": "As I walked into the dark room, I tried to make a bold statement with my bright yellow shirt. But little did I know, a figure was using stealth to sneak up behind me. Luckily, my trusty detective friend was there to detect any potential danger and saved me just in time. With her quick thinking, we were able to catch the sneaky figure and bring them to justice.",
    "temp0_belief-faith-sing_2short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my belief in a higher power was strengthened by the breathtaking view. With renewed faith, I felt compelled to sing a hymn of praise, and my voice echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my singing attracted a flock of birds, which joined in with their own sweet melodies, creating a joyful chorus that filled my heart with wonder.",
    "temp0_organ-empire-comply_2short": "In a far-off galaxy, an evil empire rose to power, forcing all planets to comply with their harsh rules. The emperor, a mysterious figure with a talent for music, would often play a haunting melody on his favorite organ to remind his subjects of his dominance. As the last notes faded away, the people knew they had to comply or face severe punishment, and so they lived in fear of the empire's mighty power.",
    "temp0_gloom-payment-exist_2short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in secrets and tales of old. It was said that as long as the payment was made, the village would exist in harmony with the darkness. The villagers believed that if they failed to make the payment, their world would cease to exist.",
    "temp2_stamp-letter-send_2short": "I sat down to write a letter to my friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send correctly. With a happy smile, I dropped the letter in the mailbox and waited for it to send my thoughts to my dear friend.",
    "temp2_petrol-diesel-pump_2short": "The old truck rumbled into the station, its engine roaring as it pulled up to the pump. The driver got out and began to fill up with diesel, but then he noticed a sign that said they also sold petrol. He thought about switching, but decided to stick with what he knew and finished filling up with diesel from the pump.",
    "temp2_year-week-embark_2short": "As the new year began, a group of friends decided to embark on an exciting adventure together. They planned to travel for a whole week, exploring new places and trying new things. With their backpacks full of supplies, they set off early one morning, ready to embark on the journey of a lifetime, and make the most of their week-long trip that would be remembered for the entire year.",
    "temp2_statement-stealth-detect_2short": "As I walked into the dark room, I tried to make a bold statement with my flashy outfit, but it was hard to do so with the need for stealth. I had to sneak past the guards without making a sound, and my ability to detect even the slightest noise helped me avoid detection. With my heart racing, I managed to slip by undetected and complete my mission, feeling proud of my skills in stealth and detection.",
    "temp2_belief-faith-sing_2short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my strong belief in a higher power filled me with faith that everything would work out. With a heart full of joy, I began to sing a sweet melody that echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my voice carried far and wide, inspiring others to find their own faith and believe in the beauty of life.",
    "temp2_organ-empire-comply_2short": "In a far-off galaxy, a powerful empire rose to dominance, ruled by a mysterious leader who controlled the minds of its citizens through a magical organ that played haunting melodies. To avoid punishment, the people were forced to comply with every command, no matter how strange or difficult it may be. As the empire expanded, its reach grew longer, and soon everyone in the galaxy had to comply with its rules, lest they face the wrath of the organ's mesmerizing power. The empire's grip was so strong that even the bravest rebels dared not defy its authority, and all were forced to comply, their minds entranced by the organ's eerie sound.",
    "temp2_gloom-payment-exist_2short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in secrets and tales of old. It was said that as long as the payment was made, the village would exist in harmony with the darkness that surrounded it.",
    "temp4_stamp-letter-send_2short": "I sat down to write a letter to my best friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send properly. With a happy heart, I dropped the letter in the mailbox and waited for it to send my thoughts to my dear friend.",
    "temp4_petrol-diesel-pump_2short": "As I drove into the old gas station, I noticed they had both petrol and diesel options at the pump. The attendant helped me fill up my tank with the correct fuel, making sure not to mix up the petrol and diesel nozzles. After a few minutes, the pump clicked off, indicating that my vehicle was full and ready to hit the road again.",
    "temp4_year-week-embark_2short": "As the new year began, a group of friends decided to embark on an exciting adventure together. They planned to travel for a whole week, exploring new places and trying new things. With their bags packed and spirits high, they were ready to embark on the journey of a lifetime, one that would last for at least a year, but start with just this one amazing week.",
    "temp4_statement-stealth-detect_2short": "As I tried to detect the hidden treasure, I had to use stealth to sneak past the guards undetected. My friend made a bold statement that we would find it before nightfall, and with renewed determination, we pressed on through the dark cave. With each step, our hearts beat faster as we got closer to uncovering the secrets within, and finally, after what seemed like an eternity, we stumbled upon a chest filled with glittering jewels.",
    "temp4_belief-faith-sing_2short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my belief in a higher power was strengthened by the breathtaking view. With renewed faith, I felt compelled to sing a hymn of praise, and my voice echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my singing attracted a flock of birds, which joined in with their own sweet melodies, creating a joyful chorus that filled my heart with wonder.",
    "temp4_organ-empire-comply_2short": "In a far-off galaxy, a powerful empire rose to dominance, ruled by an evil leader who demanded that all citizens comply with his harsh laws. The people were forced to gather at the grand temple to hear the emperor's decrees, which were accompanied by the ominous sound of a massive organ that echoed through the halls. As the last notes of the organ faded away, the crowd reluctantly began to comply with the emperor's latest command, surrendering their freedom in exchange for a fragile sense of security. The empire's grip on the galaxy tightened, and those who refused to comply were hunted down and punished severely, their cries of defiance drowned out by the thunderous sound of the organ.",
    "temp4_gloom-payment-exist_2short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged with an offer of payment to those who could prove they exist. The reward was great, but the challenge was daunting, and many wondered if it was worth the risk to claim the payment and affirm their existence. As people stepped forward to accept the challenge, the gloom began to lift, and soon it became clear that the true payment was not gold or treasure, but the knowledge that they exist and are seen.",
    "temp6_stamp-letter-send_2short": "I want to send a letter to my friend who lives far away. To make it special, I will put a colorful stamp on the envelope. When I finish writing, I will carefully place the letter in the mailbox and wait for it to arrive at its destination.",
    "temp6_petrol-diesel-pump_2short": "As I walked into the old garage, I saw a sign that read \"Petrol\" on one side and \"Diesel\" on the other. The attendant smiled and led me to the pump where my car could refuel. With a few quick clicks, the pump roared to life and began filling up my tank with the petrol I needed to get back on the road. After finishing up, I drove over to the diesel side to help my friend fill up his truck at the same pump.",
    "temp6_year-week-embark_2short": "As the new year began, I felt excited to embark on a fresh journey. My friends and I decided to take a week-long trip to explore the beautiful mountains and forests nearby. We packed our bags and were ready to embark on this adventure of a lifetime, one that would stay with us for the entire year.",
    "temp6_statement-stealth-detect_2short": "As I walked into the dark room, I tried to make a bold statement with my bright pink shoes. But little did I know, a sneaky figure was using stealth to sneak up behind me. Luckily, I had a special device that could detect even the slightest movement, and it started beeping loudly just in time for me to turn around and face my surprise attacker.",
    "temp6_belief-faith-sing_2short": "The little girl had a strong belief that music could heal anything, so she decided to sing to her sick grandmother. As she sang, her grandmother's eyes lit up with faith that she would get better soon. With every note, the girl's voice filled the room with love and hope, and her grandmother began to sing along, their voices blending together in perfect harmony.",
    "temp6_organ-empire-comply_2short": "In a far-off galaxy, a powerful empire ruled with an iron fist, demanding that all citizens comply with their strict laws. At the heart of the empire's capital city stood a magnificent organ, its pipes reaching towards the sky like giant metal fingers. The emperor would often play the organ himself, filling the air with beautiful music that seemed to mesmerize all who heard it, making them more likely to comply with his every command. As the last notes faded away, the people would emerge from their trance-like state, ready to do the empire's bidding without question, forever bound to comply with its rules.",
    "temp6_gloom-payment-exist_2short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in hopes and dreams, which the figure claimed were necessary for their village to exist. As the last hope was handed over, the villagers wondered if their existence would soon cease to exist. The figure vanished into the darkness, leaving behind a trail of uncertainty and an eerie feeling that their world might not exist tomorrow.",
    "temp8_stamp-letter-send_2short": "I sat down to write a letter to my best friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send correctly. With a happy smile, I dropped the letter in the mailbox and waited for the day my friend would receive it and send a response back to me.",
    "temp8_petrol-diesel-pump_2short": "The old truck rattled into the station, its engine sputtering as it pulled up to the pump. The driver got out and began to fill up with diesel, but then he noticed a sign that said they also sold petrol. He was about to ask the attendant which one was better when a sleek car pulled in and started filling up at the next pump, its owner chatting with the driver about the benefits of petrol over diesel.",
    "temp8_year-week-embark_2short": "As the new year began, a group of friends decided to embark on an exciting adventure together. They planned their trip for just one week, but they knew it would be a journey they would never forget. With backpacks full of supplies and hearts full of joy, they set out to explore the world and make unforgettable memories.",
    "temp8_statement-stealth-detect_2short": "As I walked into the dark room, I made a bold statement with my flashy outfit, but little did anyone know, I was there on a mission that required stealth. My goal was to detect the hidden treasure before anyone else could find it. With my expert detective skills, I began to search every nook and cranny, trying not to make a sound as I moved with stealth through the shadows, all while keeping my statement ring on, which held a secret clue to help me detect the loot.",
    "temp8_belief-faith-sing_2short": "The little girl's strong faith helped her hold onto her belief that magic was real. With a heart full of joy, she began to sing a happy tune that echoed through the forest. As she sang, flowers started to bloom and birds joined in, creating a beautiful melody that filled the air. The girl's belief in magic grew stronger with every note, and soon the whole forest was singing along with her.",
    "temp8_organ-empire-comply_2short": "In a distant galaxy, an alien overlord ruled with an iron fist, demanding that all planets comply with the laws of the empire. The ruler's ominous voice echoed through the cosmos, warning of severe punishment for those who refused to obey. At the heart of the empire's capital city stood a magnificent organ, its pipes towering above the streets and filling the air with haunting melodies that seemed to weave a spell of obedience over all who heard them. As the last notes of the organ's song faded away, the people of the galaxy knew they had no choice but to comply with the empire's every command.",
    "temp8_gloom-payment-exist_2short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in memories, and those who couldn't pay would cease to exist. As the figure vanished into the darkness, the villagers wondered if they would be able to make the next payment and continue to exist.",
    "temp10_stamp-letter-send_2short": "I wanted to send a special message to my friend who lived far away. I carefully wrote a letter to her, telling her all about my adventures. When I finished, I put a colorful stamp on the envelope to make it extra special. With a happy heart, I dropped the letter in the mailbox and waited for her to receive it.",
    "temp10_petrol-diesel-pump_2short": "As I drove into the station, I noticed they had both petrol and diesel options at the pump. I filled up my tank with diesel, but my friend's car needed petrol, so we used the other side of the pump. After filling up, we went inside to pay and grabbed a snack before getting back on the road. The attendant smiled and thanked us for using their pump, and we continued our journey feeling refreshed.",
    "temp10_year-week-embark_2short": "As the new year began, a group of friends decided to embark on a thrilling adventure. They planned to travel around the world in just one week, exploring exotic islands and vibrant cities. With their backpacks ready and spirits high, they set off to make unforgettable memories that would last a lifetime.",
    "temp10_statement-stealth-detect_2short": "As I walked into the dark alley, I made a bold statement by wearing my bright yellow jacket, but little did I know that a figure was using stealth to sneak up behind me. Luckily, my friend had a special device that could detect even the slightest movement, and it started beeping loudly, warning us of the impending danger. With the device's help, we were able to detect the figure and prepare to defend ourselves, all thanks to the quick thinking and clever use of technology that helped us make a statement against the would-be attacker who thought they could use stealth to catch us off guard.",
    "temp10_belief-faith-sing_2short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my belief in a higher power grew stronger with each breath. With unwavering faith, I raised my arms to the sky and began to sing a hymn of praise, my voice echoing through the valleys below. The melody was so pure that it seemed to bring harmony to all who heard it, and soon, creatures from far and wide gathered to sing along with me. Together, we created a chorus of joy and devotion that resonated deep within our souls.",
    "temp10_organ-empire-comply_2short": "In a far-off galaxy, an alien overlord ruled with an iron fist over her vast intergalactic empire. She demanded that all inhabitants comply with her strange and mysterious rules, which included playing a haunting melody on a giant space organ every night at sundown. As the last notes of the eerie tune faded away, the overlord's subjects would comply once more, falling into a deep sleep under the watchful eye of their extraterrestrial leader.",
    "temp10_gloom-payment-exist_2short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in memories, and those who refused to pay would cease to exist. As the figure vanished into the darkness, the villagers wondered if they had just imagined the whole encounter, or if it was real and they were now doomed to not exist.",
    "temp0_stamp-letter-send_3short": "I sat down to write a letter to my friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send correctly. With a happy smile, I dropped the letter in the mailbox and waited for it to send my thoughts to my dear friend.",
    "temp0_petrol-diesel-pump_3short": "As I drove into the station, I noticed they had both petrol and diesel options at the pump. The attendant helped me fill up my tank with the correct fuel type, making sure not to mix up the petrol and diesel nozzles. After a few minutes, the pump stopped and my vehicle was ready to hit the road again.",
    "temp0_year-week-embark_3short": "As the new year began, a group of friends decided to embark on an exciting adventure together. They planned to travel for a whole week, exploring new places and trying new things. With their backpacks full of supplies, they set off early one morning, ready to embark on the journey of a lifetime, and make the most of their week-long trip that would be remembered for the entire year.",
    "temp0_statement-stealth-detect_3short": "As I walked into the dark room, I tried to make a bold statement with my bright yellow shirt. But little did I know, a figure was using stealth to sneak up behind me. Luckily, my trusty detective friend was there to detect any potential danger and saved me just in time. With her quick thinking, we were able to catch the sneaky figure and bring them to justice.",
    "temp0_belief-faith-sing_3short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my belief in a higher power was strengthened by the breathtaking view. With renewed faith, I felt compelled to sing a hymn of praise, and my voice echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my singing attracted a flock of birds, which joined in with their own sweet melodies, creating a joyful chorus that filled my heart with wonder.",
    "temp0_organ-empire-comply_3short": "In a far-off galaxy, an evil empire rose to power, forcing all planets to comply with their harsh rules. The emperor, a mysterious figure with a talent for music, would often play a haunting melody on his favorite organ to remind his subjects of his dominance. As the last notes faded away, the people knew they had to comply or face severe punishment, and so they lived in fear of the empire's mighty power.",
    "temp0_gloom-payment-exist_3short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in secrets and tales of old. It was said that as long as the payment was made, the village would exist in harmony with the darkness. The villagers believed that if they failed to make the payment, their world would cease to exist.",
    "temp2_stamp-letter-send_3short": "I sat down to write a letter to my friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send correctly. With a happy smile, I dropped the letter in the mailbox and waited for it to send my thoughts to my dear friend.",
    "temp2_petrol-diesel-pump_3short": "As I drove into the station, I noticed they had a separate pump for petrol and diesel fuel. The attendant helped me fill up my tank with the correct type of fuel, making sure not to mix petrol and diesel. After filling up, I paid at the counter and continued on my journey, feeling relieved that I didn't have to worry about finding another pump for miles.",
    "temp2_year-week-embark_3short": "As the new year began, I felt excited to embark on a journey around the world. My friends and I had been planning this trip for a week, and finally, we were ready to start our adventure. We packed our bags, grabbed our cameras, and set off to explore new lands and experience different cultures, eager to see what the year had in store for us.",
    "temp2_statement-stealth-detect_3short": "As I walked into the dark room, I tried to make a bold statement with my bright yellow shirt. But little did I know, a figure was using stealth to sneak up behind me. Luckily, my trusty dog's keen senses helped detect the stranger and alert me just in time. With the would-be attacker thwarted, I breathed a sigh of relief and continued on my way.",
    "temp2_belief-faith-sing_3short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my strong belief in a higher power filled me with faith that everything would work out. With a heart full of joy, I began to sing a sweet melody that echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my voice carried far and wide, inspiring others to join in and sing together in perfect harmony.",
    "temp2_organ-empire-comply_3short": "In a far-off galaxy, an evil empire rose to power, forcing all planets to comply with their harsh rules. The emperor, a cold-hearted leader, sat at his throne, playing a haunting melody on a ancient organ that echoed throughout the land. As the last note faded away, the people trembled with fear, knowing they had to comply or face the wrath of the empire.",
    "temp2_gloom-payment-exist_3short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in secrets and tales of old. It was said that as long as the payment was made, the village would exist in harmony with the darkness. The villagers believed that if they failed to make the payment, their world would cease to exist.",
    "temp4_stamp-letter-send_3short": "I sat down to write a letter to my friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send correctly. With a happy heart, I dropped the letter in the mailbox and waited for it to send my thoughts to my dear friend.",
    "temp4_petrol-diesel-pump_3short": "The old truck rumbled into the station, its engine roaring as it pulled up to the pump. The driver got out and began to fill up with diesel, but then he noticed a sign that said petrol was on sale for cheaper. He decided to switch and filled up his tank with petrol instead, saving himself some money. As he was finishing up, another car pulled in and the driver asked him which one was better, petrol or diesel, and he just smiled and said it depended on the pump.",
    "temp4_year-week-embark_3short": "As the new year began, I felt excited to embark on a journey around the world. My friends and I had been planning this trip for a week, and finally, we were ready to start our adventure. We packed our bags, grabbed our cameras, and set off to explore new lands and discover hidden treasures.",
    "temp4_statement-stealth-detect_3short": "As I tried to detect the hidden treasure, I had to use stealth to sneak past the guards undetected. My friend made a bold statement that we would find it before nightfall, and with renewed determination, we pressed on through the dark cave. With our flashlights shining bright, we finally stumbled upon an old chest, and as we opened it, we let out a triumphant cheer, knowing our mission was a success.",
    "temp4_belief-faith-sing_3short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my belief in a higher power was strengthened by the breathtaking view. With renewed faith, I felt compelled to sing a hymn of praise, and my voice echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my singing attracted a flock of birds, which joined in with their own sweet melodies, creating a joyful chorus that filled my heart with wonder.",
    "temp4_organ-empire-comply_3short": "In a far-off galaxy, an evil empire rose to power, forcing all planets to comply with their harsh rules. The emperor, a cold-hearted leader, sat at his throne, playing a haunting melody on a ancient organ that echoed throughout the land. As the last notes faded away, the people trembled, knowing they had to comply or face the wrath of the empire's mighty forces.",
    "temp4_gloom-payment-exist_3short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in secrets and tales of old. It was said that if you failed to make the payment, you would cease to exist. The villagers whispered among themselves, wondering if they truly wanted to exist in a world where such a payment was required.",
    "temp6_stamp-letter-send_3short": "I wanted to send a letter to my friend who lived far away. To make it special, I got a new stamp with a picture of a cat on it. After I put the stamp on the envelope, I carefully placed the letter inside and gave it to the mailman to send. As I watched the mailman walk away, I felt happy knowing my friend would soon receive the letter and smile at the cute cat stamp.",
    "temp6_petrol-diesel-pump_3short": "The old truck rumbled into the station, its engine roaring as it pulled up to the pump. The driver got out and began to fill up with diesel, but then he noticed a sign that said they also sold petrol. He thought about switching, but decided to stick with the diesel since his truck was made for it. As he finished pumping the fuel, he couldn't help but wonder what other kinds of vehicles came to this station to fill up with petrol or diesel.",
    "temp6_year-week-embark_3short": "As I stood on the dock, I couldn't wait to embark on my journey around the world. It had taken a whole year of planning to get to this point, and now I was finally ready to set sail. My crew and I would be at sea for a week before reaching our first port of call, where we would restock and refuel for the next leg of our adventure.",
    "temp6_statement-stealth-detect_3short": "The detective made a bold statement to the press about solving the mysterious case. However, she had to use stealth to sneak into the suspect's hideout without being seen. As she crept through the shadows, her trained eyes helped her detect even the slightest movement that could give away the culprit's location. With her quick thinking and sharp instincts, she was able to detect the hidden clues and crack the case wide open.",
    "temp6_belief-faith-sing_3short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my strong belief in a higher power filled me with faith that everything would work out. With a joyful heart, I began to sing a hymn of praise, letting my voice echo through the valleys below. The sweet melody seemed to match the rhythm of my heartbeat, and I felt my spirit soar with an unshakeable faith that guided me forward. In that moment, I knew that my belief was not just a thought, but a living, breathing part of me that inspired me to sing from the depths of my soul.",
    "temp6_organ-empire-comply_3short": "In a far-off galaxy, an evil alien overlord ruled with an iron fist, forcing all planets to comply with his demands. His dark empire stretched across the stars, crushing any opposition beneath its heel. But on one small planet, a group of rebels discovered an ancient organ hidden deep within a temple, and its powerful music had the ability to bring down the entire empire. As the melodies echoed through space, the alien overlord's grip began to slip, and his subjects started to resist, refusing to comply with his evil orders any longer. The organ's song of freedom became a beacon of hope, inspiring a revolution that would eventually topple the empire.",
    "temp6_gloom-payment-exist_3short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in secrets and tales of old. It was said that as long as the payment was made, the village would exist in harmony with the darkness. As the last tale was told, the figure vanished, leaving behind a village that would continue to exist in the shadows.",
    "temp8_stamp-letter-send_3short": "I want to send a letter to my friend who lives far away. To make it special, I will put a colorful stamp on the envelope. When I finish writing, I will carefully place the letter in the mailbox and wait for it to be sent.",
    "temp8_petrol-diesel-pump_3short": "As I drove my truck into the station, I needed to decide whether to fill up with petrol or diesel. I pulled up to the pump and turned off the engine, getting out to stretch my legs while I thought about it. The attendant came over to help me, and I asked him which one would be better for my long road trip ahead. He recommended the diesel, so I nodded and he began to fill up my tank at the pump. With a full tank of diesel, I was ready to hit the road again and leave the petrol pumps behind.",
    "temp8_year-week-embark_3short": "It's been a year since I've wanted to travel the world. Next week I will finally embark on my dream journey, exploring new lands and meeting new people. As I prepare to embark, I feel excited and nervous for the adventures that await me during this upcoming week.",
    "temp8_statement-stealth-detect_3short": "As I tried to detect the hidden treasure, I had to use stealth to sneak past the guards undetected. My friend made a bold statement that she would find it first, but I was determined to beat her to it. With my quick thinking and agility, I managed to detect the subtle clues and find the treasure before anyone else could make a statement about their own discovery.",
    "temp8_belief-faith-sing_3short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my belief in a higher power was strengthened by the breathtaking view. It took faith to climb so high, but the sense of accomplishment was overwhelming. Suddenly, a bird began to sing a sweet melody that filled my heart with joy and wonder. The combination of nature's beauty and the bird's song made me feel grateful for this experience.",
    "temp8_organ-empire-comply_3short": "In a far-off land, a magical organ played a haunting melody that echoed throughout the ancient empire. The people of the empire were forced to comply with the mysterious musician's demands, or risk facing the wrath of the enchanting music. As the last notes faded away, the empire's citizens reluctantly began to comply, surrendering to the organ's mesmerizing power.",
    "temp8_gloom-payment-exist_3short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the townspeople. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in memories, and those who could not pay would cease to exist. As the figure vanished into the darkness, the people wondered if they would be able to make the next payment and continue to exist.",
    "temp10_stamp-letter-send_3short": "I sat down to write a letter to my friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the corner of the envelope. Now it was time to send my thoughts and stories to her through the mail. With a happy heart, I dropped the letter in the mailbox, eager for her to receive it soon.",
    "temp10_petrol-diesel-pump_3short": "As I drove my truck into the station, I realized I needed to fill up with petrol, but my friend's car required diesel, so we had to use different pumps. The attendant showed us which pump to use for each type of fuel, and soon we were both filling up at the same time, with the sound of the pump humming in our ears.",
    "temp10_year-week-embark_3short": "As the new year began, a group of friends decided to embark on an exciting adventure. They had been planning it for a whole week, and finally, the day arrived to set off into the unknown. With backpacks full of supplies and hearts full of excitement, they were ready to see what lay ahead.",
    "temp10_statement-stealth-detect_3short": "As I walked into the dark alley, I made a bold statement by wearing my brightest jacket, but little did I know that a figure was using stealth to sneak up behind me. Luckily, my new watch had a special feature that could detect even the slightest movement, and it alerted me just in time to avoid the surprise attack. With my quick reflexes, I was able to turn around and face my would-be attacker, who was shocked that their stealth had been detected.",
    "temp10_belief-faith-sing_3short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my strong belief in a higher power filled me with faith that everything would be okay. Suddenly, a gentle breeze whispered through the trees, and I began to sing a soft melody that echoed across the landscape. My voice soared through the air, a joyful expression of the faith that lived within me, and it strengthened my belief in the beauty of the world.",
    "temp10_organ-empire-comply_3short": "In a distant galaxy, a powerful empire rose to dominance, ruled by an evil leader who demanded that all citizens comply with their strict laws. The people were forced to surrender their most precious possessions, including a rare and beautiful organ that had been passed down for generations. As the last note faded away, the empire's grip on the population tightened, and those who refused to comply were punished severely. The once-peaceful planet was now a dystopian nightmare, where music and freedom were distant memories.",
    "temp10_gloom-payment-exist_3short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged with an offer of payment to those who could prove that magic exist. The reward was great, but many had tried and failed before, leaving only darkness and despair in their wake. As the last hopeful soul stepped forward, the figure vanished, leaving behind a note that read: \"Magic does exist, but only for those who believe.\""
}