{
    "temp0_stamp-letter-send_1short": "I sat down to write a letter to my friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send correctly. With a happy smile, I dropped the letter in the mailbox and waited for it to send my thoughts to my dear friend.",
    "temp0_petrol-diesel-pump_1short": "As I drove into the station, I noticed they had both petrol and diesel options at the pump. The attendant helped me fill up my tank with the correct fuel type, making sure not to mix up the petrol and diesel nozzles. After a few minutes, the pump stopped and my vehicle was ready to hit the road again.",
    "temp0_year-week-embark_1short": "As the new year began, a group of friends decided to embark on an exciting adventure together. They planned to travel for a whole week, exploring new places and trying new things. With their backpacks full of supplies, they set off early one morning, ready to embark on the journey of a lifetime, and make the most of their week-long trip that would be remembered for the entire year.",
    "temp0_statement-stealth-detect_1short": "As I walked into the dark room, I tried to make a bold statement with my bright yellow shirt. But little did I know, a figure was using stealth to sneak up behind me. Luckily, my trusty detective friend was there to detect any potential danger and saved me just in time. With her quick thinking, we were able to catch the sneaky figure and bring them to justice.",
    "temp0_belief-faith-sing_1short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my belief in a higher power was strengthened by the breathtaking view. With renewed faith, I felt compelled to sing a hymn of praise, and my voice echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my singing attracted a flock of birds, which joined in with their own sweet melodies, creating a joyful chorus that filled my heart with wonder.",
    "temp0_organ-empire-comply_1short": "In a far-off galaxy, an evil empire rose to power, forcing all planets to comply with their harsh rules. The emperor, a mysterious figure with a talent for music, would often play a haunting melody on his favorite organ to remind his subjects of his dominance. As the last notes faded away, the people knew they had to comply or face severe punishment, and so they lived in fear of the empire's mighty power.",
    "temp0_gloom-payment-exist_1short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in secrets and tales of old. It was said that as long as the payment was made, the village would exist in harmony with the darkness. The villagers believed that if they failed to make the payment, their world would cease to exist.",
    "temp2_stamp-letter-send_1short": "I sat down to write a letter to my friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send correctly. With a happy smile, I dropped the letter in the mailbox and waited for it to send my thoughts to my dear friend.",
    "temp2_petrol-diesel-pump_1short": "The old truck rumbled into the station, its engine roaring as it pulled up to the pump. The driver got out and began to fill up with diesel, but then he noticed a sign that said petrol was on sale for cheaper. He decided to switch and filled up his tank with petrol instead, saving himself some money. As he was finishing up, another car pulled in and the driver got out to use the pump, filling up with diesel without hesitation.",
    "temp2_year-week-embark_1short": "As the new year began, a group of friends decided to embark on an exciting adventure together. They planned their trip for a whole week, making sure to pack everything they needed and mapping out their route carefully. With their bags full and spirits high, they were ready to embark on their journey and make it a year to remember.",
    "temp2_statement-stealth-detect_1short": "As I walked into the dark room, I tried to make a bold statement with my bright yellow shirt, but it was hard to do so with the stealth of a ninja lurking in the shadows. The detective was there to detect any clues that might lead her to the culprit, and she was determined to solve the mystery. With her keen eye for detail, she began to detect subtle hints that revealed the ninja's presence, and soon she would make a statement that would change everything.",
    "temp2_belief-faith-sing_1short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my strong belief in a higher power filled me with faith that everything would work out. With a heart full of joy, I began to sing a sweet melody that echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my voice carried far and wide, touching the hearts of all who heard it and inspiring them to have faith in their own abilities.",
    "temp2_organ-empire-comply_1short": "In a far-off galaxy, an evil empire rose to power, forcing all planets to comply with their harsh rules. The emperor, a mysterious figure with a talent for music, would often play a haunting melody on his favorite organ, striking fear into the hearts of those who dared to disobey. As the last notes faded away, the people knew they had to comply or face the wrath of the empire.",
    "temp2_gloom-payment-exist_1short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in secrets and tales of old. It was said that as long as the payment was made, the village would exist in harmony with the darkness.",
    "temp4_stamp-letter-send_1short": "I sat down to write a letter to my friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send correctly. With a happy smile, I dropped the letter in the mailbox and waited for it to send my thoughts to my dear friend.",
    "temp4_petrol-diesel-pump_1short": "As I walked into the old garage, I saw a sign that read \"Petrol\" in big letters. The owner, a kind old man, was busy fixing a truck that ran on diesel fuel. He led me to the back of the garage where a rusty pump stood, ready to fill up any vehicle that came its way. The smell of petrol and diesel filled the air as we worked together to get the pump running again. With a final turn of the wrench, the pump roared to life, ready to serve the cars that needed either petrol or diesel to keep moving.",
    "temp4_year-week-embark_1short": "As the new year began, I felt excited to embark on a journey around the world. My friend and I had been planning this trip for a week, and finally, we were ready to start our adventure. We packed our bags, grabbed our cameras, and set off to explore new lands and experience different cultures, eager to see what the year had in store for us.",
    "temp4_statement-stealth-detect_1short": "The detective was trying to detect any clues that might help her solve the mystery. She made a bold statement to the press, saying she would catch the thief by the end of the week. But little did she know, the thief was using stealth to evade capture and was watching her every move from the shadows. The game of cat and mouse had begun, with the detective trying to outsmart the thief and make good on her statement.",
    "temp4_belief-faith-sing_1short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my belief in a higher power was strengthened by the breathtaking view. With renewed faith, I felt compelled to sing a hymn of praise, and my voice echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my singing attracted a flock of birds, which joined in with their own sweet melodies, creating a chorus of joy and wonder.",
    "temp4_organ-empire-comply_1short": "In a far-off galaxy, an evil empire rose to power, forcing all planets to comply with their harsh rules. The emperor, a mysterious figure with a talent for music, would often play a haunting melody on his favorite organ, striking fear into the hearts of those who dared to resist. As the last notes faded away, the people knew they had no choice but to comply, or face the wrath of the empire's mighty forces.",
    "temp4_gloom-payment-exist_1short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in memories, and those who couldn't pay would cease to exist. As the figure vanished into the darkness, the villagers wondered if they would be able to make the next payment and continue to exist.",
    "temp6_stamp-letter-send_1short": "I sat down to write a letter to my friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send correctly. With a happy smile, I dropped the letter in the mailbox and waited for it to send my thoughts to my dear friend.",
    "temp6_petrol-diesel-pump_1short": "As I drove into the old gas station, I noticed they had both petrol and diesel fuel available. The attendant helped me fill up my tank at the pump, which creaked and groaned as it dispensed the liquid gold. After a few minutes, the pump clicked off, signaling that my vehicle was full and ready to hit the road again.",
    "temp6_year-week-embark_1short": "It's been a year since I started planning my trip around the world. Every week I would research and prepare for the amazing adventure that awaited me. Finally, the day arrived for me to embark on my journey, and I felt a mix of excitement and nervousness as I set off into the unknown.",
    "temp6_statement-stealth-detect_1short": "The detective was on a mission to detect any clues that might lead her to the culprit, but she had to do it with stealth so she wouldn't scare them away. As she sneaked around the corner, she stumbled upon a mysterious statement written on the wall that read \"you'll never catch me.\" With her eyes fixed on the statement, she tried to detect any hidden messages or codes that might reveal the identity of the person who wrote it.",
    "temp6_belief-faith-sing_1short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my belief in a higher power was strengthened by the breathtaking view. With renewed faith, I felt compelled to sing a hymn of praise, and my voice echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my singing attracted a flock of birds, which joined in with their own sweet melodies, creating a chorus of joy and wonder.",
    "temp6_organ-empire-comply_1short": "In a far-off galaxy, an evil empire rose to power, forcing all planets to comply with their strict rules. The emperor, a mysterious figure with a talent for music, played a haunting melody on a giant organ that echoed across the stars. As the last notes faded away, the people of the galaxy reluctantly began to comply with the empire's demands, surrendering their freedom to the mighty ruler.",
    "temp6_gloom-payment-exist_1short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in memories, and those who could not pay would cease to exist. As the figure vanished into the darkness, the villagers wondered if they would be able to make the next payment and continue to exist.",
    "temp8_stamp-letter-send_1short": "I sat down to write a letter to my friend. As I finished, I went to get a stamp from the drawer to put on the envelope. With the stamp securely attached, I was ready to send my letter on its way.",
    "temp8_petrol-diesel-pump_1short": "As I walked into the old garage, I saw a sign that read \"Petrol\" in big letters. Next to it was another sign that said \"Diesel\" for the bigger trucks. I needed to fill up my car, so I pulled up to the pump and started filling up with petrol. After I finished, a big truck came in and filled up with diesel from the same pump.",
    "temp8_year-week-embark_1short": "As the new year began, I felt excited to embark on a journey around the world. My friend and I had planned this trip for a whole year, and we were finally ready to start our adventure, which would last for at least a week. We packed our bags, grabbed our cameras, and set off to explore new lands and experience different cultures, eager to see what the next week would bring as we embark on this journey of a lifetime.",
    "temp8_statement-stealth-detect_1short": "As I tried to detect the hidden treasure, I had to use stealth to sneak past the guards undetected. My friend made a bold statement that we would find it before nightfall, and with renewed determination, we pressed on through the dark cave. With our flashlights shining bright, we finally stumbled upon a chest filled with glittering jewels, and our triumphant cheers echoed off the walls.",
    "temp8_belief-faith-sing_1short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my belief in a higher power was strengthened by the breathtaking view. With renewed faith, I felt compelled to sing a hymn of praise, and my voice echoed through the valleys below. The song filled my heart with joy and my spirit with peace, reminding me that faith can move mountains and inspire others to sing in harmony.",
    "temp8_organ-empire-comply_1short": "In a far-off galaxy, an evil empire rose to power, forcing all planets to comply with their harsh rules. At the heart of the empire's dark castle stood an enormous, ancient organ that played haunting melodies to strike fear into the hearts of rebels. The people were terrified to disobey, and so they reluctantly chose to comply, living in a state of eerie silence as the ominous organ music filled the air.",
    "temp8_gloom-payment-exist_1short": "In a world where darkness seemed to exist forever, a sense of gloom filled the air. The people of this land were required to make a monthly payment to the ruler, a mysterious figure who demanded absolute obedience. As the years went by, the people began to wonder if there was more to life than just making a payment and living in eternal gloom, and they started to question whether a better world could exist beyond their own.",
    "temp10_stamp-letter-send_1short": "I want to send a letter to my friend who lives far away. To make it special, I will use a colorful stamp on the envelope. After I write the letter and put the stamp on, I will take it to the mailbox to send it on its way.",
    "temp10_petrol-diesel-pump_1short": "As I drove my truck into the station, I needed to decide whether to fill up with petrol or diesel. I pulled up to the pump and turned off the engine, looking at the prices to make my decision. The attendant helped me choose the right fuel and started the pump, filling up my tank with the diesel I had chosen. With a full tank, I was ready to hit the road again, thanks to the quick stop at the pump.",
    "temp10_year-week-embark_1short": "It's been a year since I last saw my friends, and we decided to meet up for a week of adventure. We were all excited to embark on this journey together, exploring new places and trying new things. As we set out, we felt a sense of freedom and joy that we hadn't felt in a long time, and we knew that this was going to be an unforgettable experience.",
    "temp10_statement-stealth-detect_1short": "As I tried to detect the quiet footsteps, I realized that my friend was moving with stealth through the dark room. She was trying not to make a statement by being loud, but her bright shirt gave away her position anyway.",
    "temp10_belief-faith-sing_1short": "The little bird's belief in her own voice gave her the faith to stand on the edge of her nest and sing a beautiful melody that filled the entire forest. As she sang, her faith grew stronger and her song became more vibrant, attracting all sorts of creatures to gather around her. With every note, her belief in herself soared, and soon she was singing with a voice that was truly heavenly, inspiring all who listened to have faith in their own unique talents.",
    "temp10_organ-empire-comply_1short": "In a far-off galaxy, a powerful empire ruled with an iron fist, demanding that all inhabitants comply with their strict laws. The emperor, a just ruler, would often play a beautiful melody on his favorite organ to calm the nerves of his people. As the music filled the air, the citizens felt compelled to comply with the empire's rules, and soon the land was filled with peace and harmony.",
    "temp10_gloom-payment-exist_1short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged with an offer of payment to those who could answer a single question. The question was simple yet profound: do souls exist beyond the mortal realm? As people pondered this query, they began to realize that the answer might just hold the key to escaping the all-encompassing gloom, and the promise of payment became secondary to the pursuit of understanding what it means to truly exist.",
    "temp0_stamp-letter-send_2short": "I sat down to write a letter to my friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send correctly. With a happy smile, I dropped the letter in the mailbox and waited for it to send my thoughts to my dear friend.",
    "temp0_petrol-diesel-pump_2short": "As I drove into the station, I noticed they had both petrol and diesel options at the pump. The attendant helped me fill up my tank with the correct fuel type, making sure not to mix up the petrol and diesel nozzles. After a few minutes, the pump stopped and my vehicle was ready to hit the road again.",
    "temp0_year-week-embark_2short": "As the new year began, a group of friends decided to embark on an exciting adventure together. They planned to travel for a whole week, exploring new places and trying new things. With their backpacks full of supplies, they set off early one morning, ready to embark on the journey of a lifetime, and make the most of their week-long trip that would be remembered for the entire year.",
    "temp0_statement-stealth-detect_2short": "As I walked into the dark room, I tried to make a bold statement with my bright yellow shirt. But little did I know, a figure was using stealth to sneak up behind me. Luckily, my trusty detective friend was there to detect any potential danger and saved me just in time. With her quick thinking, we were able to catch the sneaky figure and bring them to justice.",
    "temp0_belief-faith-sing_2short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my belief in a higher power was strengthened by the breathtaking view. With renewed faith, I felt compelled to sing a hymn of praise, and my voice echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my singing attracted a flock of birds, which joined in with their own sweet melodies, creating a joyful chorus that filled my heart with wonder.",
    "temp0_organ-empire-comply_2short": "In a far-off galaxy, an evil empire rose to power, forcing all planets to comply with their harsh rules. The emperor, a mysterious figure with a talent for music, would often play a haunting melody on his favorite organ to remind his subjects of his dominance. As the last notes faded away, the people knew they had to comply or face severe punishment, and so they lived in fear of the empire's mighty power.",
    "temp0_gloom-payment-exist_2short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in secrets and tales of old. It was said that as long as the payment was made, the village would exist in harmony with the darkness. The villagers believed that if they failed to make the payment, their world would cease to exist.",
    "temp2_stamp-letter-send_2short": "I sat down to write a letter to my friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send correctly. With a happy smile, I dropped the letter in the mailbox and waited for it to send my thoughts to my dear friend.",
    "temp2_petrol-diesel-pump_2short": "The old truck rumbled into the station, its engine roaring as it pulled up to the pump. The driver got out and began to fill up with diesel, but then he noticed a sign that said they also sold petrol. He thought about switching, but decided to stick with what he knew and finished filling up with diesel from the pump.",
    "temp2_year-week-embark_2short": "As the new year began, a group of friends decided to embark on an exciting adventure together. They planned to travel for a whole week, exploring new places and trying new things. With their backpacks full of supplies, they set off early one morning, ready to embark on the journey of a lifetime, and make the most of their week-long trip that would be remembered for the entire year.",
    "temp2_statement-stealth-detect_2short": "As I walked into the dark room, I tried to make a bold statement with my bright yellow shirt. But little did I know, a figure was using stealth to sneak up behind me. Luckily, my trusty detective friend was there to detect any potential danger and saved me just in time. With her quick thinking, we were able to catch the sneaky figure and bring them to justice.",
    "temp2_belief-faith-sing_2short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my belief in a higher power was strengthened by the breathtaking view. With renewed faith, I felt compelled to sing a hymn of praise, and my voice echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my singing attracted a flock of birds, which joined in with their own sweet melodies, creating a joyful symphony that filled my heart with wonder.",
    "temp2_organ-empire-comply_2short": "In a far-off galaxy, an evil alien overlord ruled with an iron fist, demanding that all inhabitants of his vast empire comply with his every command. His dark castle was filled with strange and ominous sounds, including the eerie hum of a giant organ that played haunting melodies to strike fear into the hearts of his enemies. As the last star in the sky faded to black, the overlord's loyal subjects gathered to comply with his latest decree, their faces lit only by the faint glow of the organ's pipes. The air was thick with tension as they waited for the overlord's next move, knowing that failure to comply would mean certain destruction for their entire planet.",
    "temp2_gloom-payment-exist_2short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in secrets and tales of old. It was said that as long as the payment was made, the village would exist in harmony with the darkness. The villagers believed that if they failed to make the payment, their world would cease to exist.",
    "temp4_stamp-letter-send_2short": "I sat down to write a letter to my friend. As I finished, I went to get a stamp from the drawer. With the stamp on the envelope, I was ready to send it through the mail.",
    "temp4_petrol-diesel-pump_2short": "As I drove into the station, I noticed they had a separate pump for petrol and diesel fuel. The attendant helped me fill up my tank with the correct type of fuel, making sure not to mix up the petrol and diesel. After filling up, I went inside to pay and saw a big sign that said \"Petrol and Diesel Fuel\" with an arrow pointing to the pump outside.",
    "temp4_year-week-embark_2short": "As the new year began, a group of friends decided to embark on an exciting adventure together. They planned to travel for a whole week, exploring new places and trying new things. With their backpacks full of supplies, they set off early one morning, ready to embark on the journey of a lifetime, and make the most of their week-long trip that would be remembered for the rest of the year.",
    "temp4_statement-stealth-detect_2short": "As I sneaked through the shadows with stealth, I stumbled upon a mysterious document that made a bold statement about a secret society. The group was known for their ability to detect even the slightest hint of deception, and I knew I had to be careful not to get caught. With my heart racing, I quickly scanned the area to make sure no one was watching, and then I made a run for it, hoping to escape undetected.",
    "temp4_belief-faith-sing_2short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my belief in a higher power grew stronger with each breath. With unwavering faith, I raised my arms to the sky and began to sing a hymn of praise. The melody echoed through the valleys below, a joyful expression of my devotion. In that moment, my voice became one with the wind, and I felt a deep connection to something greater than myself.",
    "temp4_organ-empire-comply_2short": "In a far-off galaxy, an evil empire rose to power, demanding that all planets comply with their harsh rules. The emperor, a cold-hearted leader, sat at his throne, playing a haunting melody on a ancient organ that echoed throughout the land. As the last note faded away, the people trembled with fear, knowing they had no choice but to comply with the empire's demands.",
    "temp4_gloom-payment-exist_2short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in secrets and tales of old. It was said that as long as the payment was made, magic would exist in the village, bringing light to the darkest of times.",
    "temp6_stamp-letter-send_2short": "I want to send a letter to my friend who lives far away. \nTo make it special, I will use a colorful stamp on the envelope. \nWhen I finish writing, I will give it to the mailman to send it to her.",
    "temp6_petrol-diesel-pump_2short": "As I drove into the old gas station, I noticed they had both petrol and diesel options at the pump. The attendant helped me fill up my tank with the correct fuel, and I was back on the road in no time.",
    "temp6_year-week-embark_2short": "As the new year began, I felt excited to embark on a journey around the world. My friends and I had been planning this trip for a week, and finally, we were ready to start our adventure. We packed our bags, grabbed our cameras, and set off to explore new lands and experience different cultures, eager to see what the year had in store for us.",
    "temp6_statement-stealth-detect_2short": "The detective made a bold statement to the press about catching the thief. But what they didn't know was that she had to use stealth to sneak into the building undetected. Her goal was to detect any clues that might lead her to the stolen treasure, and with her keen eye, she finally found it hidden behind a secret door.",
    "temp6_belief-faith-sing_2short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my belief in a higher power was renewed by the breathtaking view. With renewed faith, I felt compelled to sing a hymn of praise, and my voice echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my singing attracted a flock of birds, which joined in with their own sweet melodies, creating a joyful symphony that filled my heart with wonder.",
    "temp6_organ-empire-comply_2short": "In a far-off galaxy, an alien overlord ruled with an iron fist over her vast intergalactic empire. She demanded that all planets comply with her strict rules, or face destruction by her deadly laser beams. On one planet, a group of rebels discovered an ancient organ hidden deep within a temple, and when they played its haunting melody, the overlord's empire began to crumble. As the last notes faded away, the aliens were finally free to govern themselves, no longer forced to comply with the overlord's tyranny, and they celebrated by playing the organ in joyful triumph.",
    "temp6_gloom-payment-exist_2short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in memories, and those who couldn't pay would cease to exist. As the figure vanished into the darkness, the villagers wondered if they would be able to make the next payment and continue to exist.",
    "temp8_stamp-letter-send_2short": "I sat down to write a letter to my friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send correctly. With a happy smile, I dropped the letter in the mailbox and waited for it to send my thoughts to my dear friend.",
    "temp8_petrol-diesel-pump_2short": "The old truck rumbled into the station to fill up on petrol. The driver got out and began to pump the fuel into the tank, but then he noticed a sign that said diesel was cheaper. He decided to switch to diesel and started to pump the new fuel into his truck. As he was pumping, he thought about how much money he would save with the new fuel.",
    "temp8_year-week-embark_2short": "It's been a year since I last saw my friends, and we're finally going to embark on an adventure together. We've planned this trip for a week, and I can barely contain my excitement as we prepare to set off. As we stand at the edge of the forest, ready to embark on our journey, I take a deep breath and smile, knowing that this is just the beginning of an incredible year ahead, one that will start with this amazing week-long adventure.",
    "temp8_statement-stealth-detect_2short": "As I walked into the dark room, I made a bold statement by turning on the light, but my friend tried to sneak past me with stealth. She thought she could avoid detection, but I was trained to detect even the slightest movement. With my quick reflexes, I caught her and we both burst out laughing at her failed attempt.",
    "temp8_belief-faith-sing_2short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my strong belief in a higher power filled me with faith that everything would work out. With a heart full of joy, I began to sing a hymn that echoed through the valleys below. The beautiful melody seemed to match the rhythm of my heartbeat, and soon I felt a sense of peace wash over me.",
    "temp8_organ-empire-comply_2short": "In a far-off land, a powerful empire ruled with an iron fist, demanding that all citizens comply with their strict laws. At the heart of the empire's grand capital city stood a magnificent organ, its pipes towering high into the air and echoing with beautiful music that seemed to touch the souls of all who heard it. The emperor, a just and fair ruler, would often play the organ himself, using its haunting melodies to remind his people of the importance of living in harmony and comply with the natural world. As the years passed, the empire flourished, and the sound of the organ became synonymous with peace and prosperity, a reminder to all to comply with the principles of kindness and compassion that had made their nation great.",
    "temp8_gloom-payment-exist_2short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in secrets and whispers that only exist in the darkest corners of the mind. As the figure vanished into the night, the villagers wondered if it truly exist or was just a product of their collective imagination.",
    "temp10_stamp-letter-send_2short": "I want to send a letter to my friend who lives far away. To make it special, I will put a colorful stamp on the envelope. When I finish writing, I will take it to the mailbox and send it on its way.",
    "temp10_petrol-diesel-pump_2short": "As I walked into the old garage, I saw a sign that read \"Petrol\" in big letters. Next to it was another sign that said \"Diesel\" and below them was a rusty pump that looked like it hadn't been used in years. The owner, a gruff old man, told me he still used the pump to fill up his vintage truck with diesel fuel, but only on special occasions when he didn't need petrol.",
    "temp10_year-week-embark_2short": "As the new year began, our family decided to embark on a exciting adventure. We would spend a whole week traveling through the mountains and exploring hidden caves. With our backpacks full of food and water, we were ready to embark on this journey and make it a year to remember.",
    "temp10_statement-stealth-detect_2short": "As I made my way through the dark alley, I had to use stealth to avoid being seen by the guards. Suddenly, I stumbled upon a mysterious statement etched into the wall that read \"danger ahead\". I knew I had to detect the source of the warning and find out what lay in store for me. With my heart racing, I carefully moved forward, trying to detect any signs of trouble while maintaining my stealth.",
    "temp10_belief-faith-sing_2short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my belief in a higher power was strengthened by the breathtaking view. With renewed faith, I felt compelled to sing a hymn of praise, and my voice echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my singing attracted a flock of birds, which joined in with their own sweet melodies, creating a joyful symphony that filled my heart with wonder.",
    "temp10_organ-empire-comply_2short": "In a far-off galaxy, an evil empire rose to power, demanding that all planets comply with their strict rules. On one small planet, a young musician named Ava used her magical organ to create powerful melodies that inspired the people to resist the empire's tyranny. As the empire's grip tightened, Ava's music became a beacon of hope, urging everyone to stand up and refuse to comply with the oppressive regime. With every note she played on her enchanted organ, the people grew bolder, determined to bring down the evil empire and forge their own destiny.",
    "temp10_gloom-payment-exist_2short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in hopes and dreams, which the figure would use to sustain its own existence. It was said that as long as the figure could collect this payment, it would exist forever, watching over the village with an air of ominous gloom.",
    "temp0_stamp-letter-send_3short": "I sat down to write a letter to my friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send correctly. With a happy smile, I dropped the letter in the mailbox and waited for it to send my thoughts to my dear friend.",
    "temp0_petrol-diesel-pump_3short": "As I drove into the station, I noticed they had both petrol and diesel options at the pump. The attendant helped me fill up my tank with the correct fuel type, making sure not to mix up the petrol and diesel nozzles. After a few minutes, the pump stopped and my vehicle was ready to hit the road again.",
    "temp0_year-week-embark_3short": "As the new year began, a group of friends decided to embark on an exciting adventure together. They planned to travel for a whole week, exploring new places and trying new things. With their backpacks full of supplies, they set off early one morning, ready to embark on the journey of a lifetime, and make the most of their week-long trip that would be remembered for the entire year.",
    "temp0_statement-stealth-detect_3short": "As I walked into the dark room, I tried to make a bold statement with my bright yellow shirt. But little did I know, a figure was using stealth to sneak up behind me. Luckily, my trusty detective friend was there to detect any potential danger and saved me just in time. With her quick thinking, we were able to catch the sneaky figure and bring them to justice.",
    "temp0_belief-faith-sing_3short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my belief in a higher power was strengthened by the breathtaking view. With renewed faith, I felt compelled to sing a hymn of praise, and my voice echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my singing attracted a flock of birds, which joined in with their own sweet melodies, creating a joyful chorus that filled my heart with wonder.",
    "temp0_organ-empire-comply_3short": "In a far-off galaxy, an evil empire rose to power, forcing all planets to comply with their harsh rules. The emperor, a mysterious figure with a talent for music, would often play a haunting melody on his favorite organ to remind his subjects of his dominance. As the last notes faded away, the people knew they had to comply or face severe punishment, and so they lived in fear of the empire's mighty power.",
    "temp0_gloom-payment-exist_3short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in secrets and tales of old. It was said that as long as the payment was made, the village would exist in harmony with the darkness. The villagers believed that if they failed to make the payment, their world would cease to exist.",
    "temp2_stamp-letter-send_3short": "I sat down to write a letter to my friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send correctly. With a happy heart, I dropped the letter in the mailbox and waited for it to send my thoughts to my dear friend.",
    "temp2_petrol-diesel-pump_3short": "As I drove into the station, I noticed they had both petrol and diesel options at the pump. I filled up my car with petrol and then helped my friend fill his truck with diesel from the same pump. After we finished, we went inside to pay and grab a snack before getting back on the road. The attendant smiled and thanked us for choosing their station to fill up at the convenient pump.",
    "temp2_year-week-embark_3short": "As the new year began, I felt excited to embark on a journey around the world. My plan was to travel to a different country every week, exploring new cultures and meeting new people. After a year of traveling, I would return home with amazing stories to share.",
    "temp2_statement-stealth-detect_3short": "As I tried to detect the quiet footsteps behind me, I realized that my friend was trying to sneak up on me with stealth. She made a bold statement by jumping out and shouting \"Boo!\" which made me laugh and spin around to face her. With my heart still racing from the surprise, I had to admit that her stealth skills were impressive and it took a lot of skill to detect her sneaky approach.",
    "temp2_belief-faith-sing_3short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my belief in a higher power was strengthened by the breathtaking view. With renewed faith, I felt compelled to sing a hymn of praise, and my voice echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my singing attracted a flock of birds, which joined in with their own sweet melodies, creating a joyful chorus that filled my heart with wonder.",
    "temp2_organ-empire-comply_3short": "In a far-off galaxy, an evil empire rose to power, forcing all planets to comply with their harsh rules. The emperor, a cold-hearted leader, sat at his throne, playing a haunting melody on a ancient organ that echoed throughout the land. As the last note faded away, the people trembled with fear, knowing they had to comply or face severe punishment from the ruthless empire.",
    "temp2_gloom-payment-exist_3short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in hopes and dreams, which the figure claimed were necessary for their village to exist. As the last hope was handed over, the villagers wondered if their existence was worth the cost, and if they would ever be able to escape the darkness that seemed to exist forever.",
    "temp4_stamp-letter-send_3short": "I wanted to send a letter to my friend who lived far away. To make it special, I decided to add a colorful stamp on the envelope. After carefully placing the stamp, I ran to the mailbox to send my letter on its journey. As I watched the mailman take the letter, I felt happy knowing it would soon reach my friend's hands.",
    "temp4_petrol-diesel-pump_3short": "The old truck rumbled into the station, its engine sputtering as it pulled up to the pump. The driver got out and began to fill up with diesel, but then he noticed a sign that said they also sold petrol. He decided to ask the attendant which one was better for his truck, and after a brief conversation, he chose to go with the diesel to get him back on the road again.",
    "temp4_year-week-embark_3short": "As I stood on the dock, I couldn't wait to embark on my journey around the world. It had taken a year of planning and preparation, but finally, the day had arrived. My friends and family had all come to see me off, and we would spend the next week saying our goodbyes and making last-minute adjustments to the ship. With a loud blast of the horn, we would embark on the open sea, ready for whatever adventures lay ahead.",
    "temp4_statement-stealth-detect_3short": "As I tried to detect the hidden treasure, I had to use stealth to sneak past the guards undetected. My friend made a bold statement that we would find it before nightfall, and with renewed determination, we pressed on through the dark cave. Suddenly, my eyes adjusted to the darkness, and I could detect a faint glow emanating from a small chest, which proved my friend's statement to be true, all thanks to our combined stealth and detective skills.",
    "temp4_belief-faith-sing_3short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my strong belief in a higher power filled me with faith that everything would work out. With a heart full of joy, I began to sing a sweet melody that echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my voice carried far and wide, inspiring others to join in and sing together in perfect harmony.",
    "temp4_organ-empire-comply_3short": "In a far-off galaxy, an alien overlord ruled with an iron fist, forcing all planets to comply with her demands. Her empire stretched across the stars, with towering spaceships and mysterious technology that hummed like a mighty organ. As she sat on her throne, the eerie sound of the organ filled the air, reminding all of her subjects to comply with her every command, lest they face the wrath of her powerful empire. The alien overlord's power was so great that even the bravest warriors dared not disobey, and soon her empire had conquered every corner of the universe, with all beings forced to comply and worship her as a living god.",
    "temp4_gloom-payment-exist_3short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in secrets and tales of old. It was said that as long as the payment was made, magic would exist in the land, bringing hope to those who dwelled within it.",
    "temp6_stamp-letter-send_3short": "I sat down to write a letter to my best friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send correctly. With a happy smile, I dropped the letter in the mailbox and waited for it to send my thoughts to my friend's hands.",
    "temp6_petrol-diesel-pump_3short": "The old truck rattled into the station, its engine sputtering as it pulled up to the pump. The driver got out to fill up with diesel, but noticed a sign that said they also sold petrol for the smaller vehicles. As he pumped the diesel into his tank, he watched as a tiny car pulled in to fill up with petrol from the same pump.",
    "temp6_year-week-embark_3short": "As the new year began, a group of friends decided to embark on an exciting adventure. They planned their trip for a whole week, packing everything they needed to explore the beautiful wilderness. With their bags full and spirits high, they were ready to embark on their journey and make it a year to remember.",
    "temp6_statement-stealth-detect_3short": "As I walked into the dark room, I tried to make a bold statement with my bright outfit, but it was hard to do so when I had to use stealth to sneak past the guards. My mission was to detect any hidden dangers, and I had to be careful not to get caught. With my heart racing, I slowly made my way deeper into the room, trying to detect any signs of trouble while still making a statement with my fearless attitude.",
    "temp6_belief-faith-sing_3short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my belief in a higher power was strengthened by the breathtaking view. With renewed faith, I felt inspired to sing a joyful melody that echoed through the valleys below. My voice carried far and wide, spreading a message of hope and devotion to all who heard me sing.",
    "temp6_organ-empire-comply_3short": "In a far-off galaxy, a powerful empire rose to dominance with its mighty spaceships and advanced technology. At the heart of the empire's capital city stood an enormous, glowing organ that played mesmerizing melodies to inspire loyalty among its citizens. To maintain order, the empire's ruler decreed that all inhabitants must comply with the strict rules, lest they face severe punishment. As a result, the people lived in a state of uneasy harmony, their creativity stifled by the need to comply, yet still drawn to the haunting sounds of the organ. The empire's grip on the galaxy seemed unshakeable, its power resonating through every note of the organ's ethereal music.",
    "temp6_gloom-payment-exist_3short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in secrets and tales of old. It was said that as long as the payment was made, magic would exist in the land, bringing wonder and awe to all who lived there.",
    "temp8_stamp-letter-send_3short": "I sat down to write a letter to my best friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send correctly. With a happy smile, I took the letter to the mailbox and dropped it in, waiting for the day my friend would receive it and send a response back to me.",
    "temp8_petrol-diesel-pump_3short": "As I drove into the old gas station, I noticed they had both petrol and diesel options at the pump. The attendant helped me fill up my tank with the right fuel, and soon I was back on the road, feeling relieved that I didn't have to search for another place to refuel.",
    "temp8_year-week-embark_3short": "It's been a year since I last saw my friends, but we're going to embark on a new adventure together next week. We will travel to a new country and experience different cultures, and our journey will begin at the start of the week. As we embark on this exciting trip, we can't wait to see what the next year will bring for us.",
    "temp8_statement-stealth-detect_3short": "As I walked into the dark room, I tried to make a bold statement with my bright yellow shirt. But little did I know, a figure was using stealth to sneak up behind me. Luckily, my trusty dog's keen senses helped detect the stranger and alerted me just in time. With my dog by my side, we were able to chase the mysterious figure away and escape unharmed.",
    "temp8_belief-faith-sing_3short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my belief in a higher power was strengthened by the breathtaking view. With renewed faith, I felt compelled to sing a hymn of praise, and my voice echoed through the valleys below. The sweet melody seemed to harmonize with the rustling of leaves and the gentle breeze, creating a symphony of worship that filled my heart with joy.",
    "temp8_organ-empire-comply_3short": "In a far-off land, a powerful empire ruled with an iron fist, demanding that all citizens comply with their strict laws. At the heart of the empire's grand city stood a magnificent organ, its pipes shining like gold in the sunlight. The emperor himself would often play the organ, filling the air with beautiful music that seemed to make everyone want to comply with his every command. As the last notes faded away, the people would emerge from their homes and shops, ready to do their part in building and maintaining the great empire.",
    "temp8_gloom-payment-exist_3short": "In a world where happiness was a distant memory, a sense of gloom hung over the land. It was said that to lift this darkness, a mysterious payment had to be made to an unknown entity. Many wondered if such an entity could truly exist, but one brave soul decided to take the risk and make the payment, hoping it would bring back the light. As soon as the payment was made, the gloom began to lift, revealing a world where joy and love could once again exist.",
    "temp10_stamp-letter-send_3short": "As I sat at my desk, I carefully wrote a letter to my best friend who lived far away. I wanted to make sure she received it, so I made sure to put the right stamp on the envelope. With a happy heart, I decided to send the letter on its way, hoping it would bring a smile to her face.",
    "temp10_petrol-diesel-pump_3short": "The old truck rumbled into the station, needing a fill-up of diesel to get back on the road. As it pulled up to the pump, the attendant asked if they wanted petrol or diesel, and the driver replied that diesel was the only option for their vehicle. With a quick flip of the handle, the pump roared to life, filling the truck's tank with the cool, clear diesel fuel it needed to keep going.",
    "temp10_year-week-embark_3short": "As I stood on the dock, I couldn't wait to embark on my journey around the world, a trip that would take an entire year to complete. My friends and family had all gathered to see me off, and we would stay in touch through weekly updates, which I would send every week. Little did I know, this adventure would change my life forever, and it was only the beginning of an incredible year ahead.",
    "temp10_statement-stealth-detect_3short": "As I walked into the dark room, I made a bold statement by turning on the lights, but little did I know that a figure was using stealth to hide behind the curtain. The detective was called in to detect any clues that might lead us to the mysterious figure. With her expert skills, she was able to detect the slightest movement and caught the person off guard, revealing their true identity.",
    "temp10_belief-faith-sing_3short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my strong belief in a higher power gave me the faith to let go of my fears. With a deep breath, I began to sing a hymn that echoed through the valleys below, a joyful expression of my spirituality. The sound of my voice carried far and wide, inspiring others to join in, creating a chorus of hope and devotion.",
    "temp10_organ-empire-comply_3short": "In a distant future, a powerful empire rose to dominance, ruled by a mysterious leader who used a magical organ to control the minds of its citizens. To avoid punishment, everyone had to comply with the empire's strict rules, but a small group of rebels refused to obey. They secretly built a device that could block the organ's mind-controlling signals, and soon they were able to resist the empire's commands and fight for their freedom.",
    "temp10_gloom-payment-exist_3short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged with an offer of payment to those who dared to challenge the darkness. This payment came in the form of precious gems that would grant the holder immense power, but only if they could prove that magic still exist. As people accepted the challenge, they began to realize that the true test was not the payment itself, but whether or not they believed that wonder and enchantment could still exist amidst the gloom."
}