{
    "temp0_stamp-letter-send_1short": "I sat down to write a letter to my friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send correctly. With a happy smile, I dropped the letter in the mailbox and waited for it to send my thoughts to my dear friend.",
    "temp0_petrol-diesel-pump_1short": "The old truck rumbled into the station, its engine roaring as it pulled up to the pump. The driver got out and began to fill up with diesel, but then he noticed a sign that said they also sold petrol. He thought about switching, but decided to stick with what he knew and finished filling up with diesel from the pump.",
    "temp0_year-week-embark_1short": "As the new year began, I felt excited to embark on a journey around the world. My friends and I had been planning this trip for a week, and finally, we were ready to start our adventure. We packed our bags, grabbed our cameras, and set off to explore new lands and experience different cultures.",
    "temp0_statement-stealth-detect_1short": "As I walked into the dark room, I tried to make a bold statement with my bright yellow shirt. But little did I know, a figure was using stealth to sneak up behind me. Luckily, my trusty detective friend was there to detect any danger and saved me just in time. With her quick thinking, we were able to catch the sneaky figure and bring them to justice.",
    "temp0_belief-faith-sing_1short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my strong belief in a higher power filled me with faith that everything would work out. With a heart full of joy, I began to sing a sweet melody that echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my voice carried far and wide, inspiring others to find their own faith and believe in the beauty of life.",
    "temp0_organ-empire-comply_1short": "In a far-off galaxy, a powerful empire rose to dominance, ruled by a mysterious leader who controlled a magical organ that could manipulate the minds of others. To maintain order, the ruler demanded that all citizens comply with their every command, and those who refused were punished severely. As the empire expanded, its reach was felt across the stars, with planets and civilizations forced to comply or face destruction, all while the haunting sound of the magical organ echoed through the cosmos. The people lived in fear, never daring to disobey, as the empire's power grew stronger with each passing day, its influence spreading like a dark shadow that could not be escaped.",
    "temp0_gloom-payment-exist_1short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in secrets and tales of old. It was said that as long as the payment was made, magic would exist in the village, bringing light to the darkest of times.",
    "temp2_stamp-letter-send_1short": "I sat down to write a letter to my best friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send correctly. With a happy smile, I dropped the letter in the mailbox and waited for it to send my thoughts to my friend's hands.",
    "temp2_petrol-diesel-pump_1short": "As I drove into the old gas station, I noticed they had both petrol and diesel options at the pump. The attendant helped me fill up my tank with the correct fuel, making sure not to mix up the petrol and diesel nozzles. After filling up, I paid the attendant and continued on my road trip, feeling relieved that I wouldn't have to stop at another pump for a while.",
    "temp2_year-week-embark_1short": "It's been a year since I last saw my friends, but we're going to embark on a new adventure together next week. We'll travel to a beautiful island and spend a whole week exploring its hidden treasures. As we prepare to embark on this journey, our excitement grows, and we can't wait to see what the next year will bring.",
    "temp2_statement-stealth-detect_1short": "As I walked into the dark room, I tried to make a bold statement with my bright yellow shirt. But little did I know, a ninja was using stealth to sneak up behind me. Luckily, my super cool detective watch had a special feature that could detect any hidden dangers, and it started beeping loudly just in time for me to turn around and see the ninja. With my quick reflexes, I was able to dodge the ninja's attack and make a run for it, feeling proud of my ability to detect and avoid the stealthy threat.",
    "temp2_belief-faith-sing_1short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my strong belief in a higher power filled me with faith that everything would work out. With a heart full of joy, I began to sing a sweet melody that echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my voice carried far and wide, inspiring others to find their own faith and believe in the beauty of life.",
    "temp2_organ-empire-comply_1short": "In a far-off galaxy, an evil empire rose to power, forcing all planets to comply with their harsh rules. The emperor, a mysterious figure with a talent for music, would often play a haunting melody on his favorite organ to remind his subjects of his dominance. As the last notes faded away, the people would tremble with fear, knowing they had to comply or face the wrath of the empire.",
    "temp2_gloom-payment-exist_1short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in memories, and those who couldn't pay would cease to exist. As the figure vanished into the darkness, the villagers wondered if they would be able to make the next payment and continue to exist.",
    "temp4_stamp-letter-send_1short": "I sat down to write a letter to my friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send correctly. With a happy heart, I dropped the letter in the mailbox and waited for it to send my thoughts to my dear friend.",
    "temp4_petrol-diesel-pump_1short": "As I drove into the old gas station, I noticed they had both petrol and diesel options at the pump. The attendant helped me fill up my tank with the correct fuel type, making sure not to mix up the petrol and diesel nozzles. After a few minutes, the pump clicked off, indicating that my vehicle was full and ready to hit the road again.",
    "temp4_year-week-embark_1short": "As the new year began, a group of friends decided to embark on an exciting adventure together. They planned their trip for just one week, but they knew it would be an experience they would never forget. With backpacks full of supplies and a sense of wonder, they set out to explore the world and make unforgettable memories.",
    "temp4_statement-stealth-detect_1short": "As I walked into the dark room, I tried to make a bold statement with my flashy outfit. But little did I know, a figure was using stealth to sneak up behind me. Luckily, my trusty detective skills helped me detect the danger lurking in the shadows, and I turned around just in time to see the figure attempting to surprise me.",
    "temp4_belief-faith-sing_1short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my belief in a higher power was strengthened by the breathtaking view. With renewed faith, I began to sing a hymn that echoed through the valleys below. My voice carried far and wide, inspiring others to join in, creating a chorus of hope and devotion that filled the air.",
    "temp4_organ-empire-comply_1short": "In a far-off galaxy, an evil empire rose to power, demanding that all planets comply with their harsh rules. The emperor, a cold and heartless leader, sat at his throne, playing a haunting melody on a massive organ that echoed throughout the land. As the last notes faded away, the emperor's voice boomed out, warning all who refused to comply that they would face his wrath.",
    "temp4_gloom-payment-exist_1short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in hopes and dreams, which the figure claimed were necessary for their village to exist. As the last hope was handed over, the villagers wondered if their existence would be extinguished forever.",
    "temp6_stamp-letter-send_1short": "I wanted to send a letter to my friend who lived far away. To make it special, I decided to add a colorful stamp on the envelope. After carefully placing the stamp, I ran to the mailbox to send my letter on its way. As I lifted the mailbox lid, I felt happy knowing my friend would soon receive the letter with the fun stamp.",
    "temp6_petrol-diesel-pump_1short": "The old truck rumbled into the station, its engine roaring as it pulled up to the pump. The driver got out and began to fill up with diesel, but then he noticed a sign that said they also had petrol for the smaller vehicles. After filling up, the driver went inside to pay and saw a strange machine that looked like a cross between a pump and a robot, which sparked his curiosity about the future of fueling technology.",
    "temp6_year-week-embark_1short": "It's been a year since I've wanted to sail around the world. Next week I will finally embark on my journey, feeling excited and nervous at the same time. As I set off, I know it will be an adventure of a lifetime, one that I will always remember.",
    "temp6_statement-stealth-detect_1short": "As I walked into the dark room, I tried to make a bold statement with my bright yellow shirt. But little did I know, a figure was using stealth to sneak up behind me. Luckily, my trusty detective skills helped me detect the person just in time, and I turned around to face them. The would-be sneaker was caught off guard, and we both burst out laughing at the absurdity of the situation.",
    "temp6_belief-faith-sing_1short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my belief in a higher power was strengthened by the breathtaking view. With renewed faith, I felt compelled to sing a hymn of praise, and my voice echoed through the valleys below. The sweet melody seemed to harmonize with the rustling of leaves and the chirping of birds, creating a symphony of joy and devotion.",
    "temp6_organ-empire-comply_1short": "In a distant future, the powerful empire ruled with an iron fist, demanding that all citizens comply with their strict laws. At the heart of the empire's grand city stood a magnificent organ, its melodies echoing through the streets as a reminder of the ruler's greatness. The people were forced to comply with the empire's demands, but in secret, they would gather to play the organ and dream of a rebellion that would one day bring freedom to their oppressed land. As the last notes of the organ faded away, the citizens would disperse, waiting for the perfect moment to rise up against the empire and shatter the chains of oppression that bound them to comply. The organ's music became a beacon of hope, inspiring the people to resist the empire's tyranny and fight for their right to be free, to live without fear of having to comply with the empire's every whim.",
    "temp6_gloom-payment-exist_1short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in memories, and those who couldn't pay would cease to exist. As the figure vanished into the darkness, the villagers wondered if they would be able to make the next payment and continue to exist.",
    "temp8_stamp-letter-send_1short": "I sat down to write a letter to my best friend who lives far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send correctly. With a happy smile, I took the letter to the mailbox and watched as it was ready to send to its destination.",
    "temp8_petrol-diesel-pump_1short": "The old truck rumbled into the station, needing a fill-up of diesel to get back on the road. As it pulled up to the pump, the attendant asked if they wanted petrol or diesel, and the driver replied that diesel was the way to go. With a few quick flips of the nozzle, the tank was full and the truck was ready to roll again, thanks to the trusty pump that had dispensed the precious diesel fuel.",
    "temp8_year-week-embark_1short": "As the new year began, I felt excited to embark on a journey of self-discovery. My plan was to dedicate one week to exploring a new hobby or skill every month. With a sense of adventure and curiosity, I would embark on a different path each week, learning and growing throughout the entire year.",
    "temp8_statement-stealth-detect_1short": "As I walked into the room, I made a bold statement with my bright pink shoes. But little did anyone know, I was also an expert in stealth, able to sneak up on anyone unnoticed. My friend, a detective, was trying to detect the culprit who had stolen the cookies from the jar. With my help, we were able to use our stealth skills to catch the thief and make a statement about justice being served.",
    "temp8_belief-faith-sing_1short": "As I stood on the mountain top, my strong belief in a higher power filled me with faith that everything would work out. With a heart full of joy, I began to sing a happy tune that echoed through the valleys below. The sweet melody carried my spirit upward, connecting me to something greater than myself.",
    "temp8_organ-empire-comply_1short": "In a far-off galaxy, a powerful empire rose to dominance with its mighty spaceships and advanced technology. At the heart of the empire's mothership was a strange, glowing organ that pulsed with an otherworldly energy. The emperor demanded that all planets comply with his rules, or face destruction at the hands of his formidable fleet. As the last star system refused to comply, the empire unleashed its fury, and the galaxy trembled before its might.",
    "temp8_gloom-payment-exist_1short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged with an offer of payment to those who could uncover the secrets that exist beyond the veil of darkness. The reward was great, but the journey was treacherous, and many wondered if it was worth the risk to discover what exist in the unknown. As they ventured deeper, the gloom began to lift, revealing a world where magic and wonder exist, and the payment for their bravery was a treasure beyond their wildest dreams.",
    "temp10_stamp-letter-send_1short": "I sat down to write a letter to my best friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send correctly. With a happy heart, I dropped the letter in the mailbox and waited for it to send my thoughts to my dear friend.",
    "temp10_petrol-diesel-pump_1short": "As I drove into the old gas station, I noticed they had both petrol and diesel options at the pump. The attendant helped me fill up my tank with the correct fuel type, making sure not to mix up the petrol and diesel nozzles. After filling up, I paid the attendant and continued on my road trip, feeling relieved that I didn't have to search for another pump in the middle of nowhere.",
    "temp10_year-week-embark_1short": "It's been a year since I last saw my friends, but we're about to embark on an exciting adventure together. We've planned this trip for a week, and finally, the day has arrived for us to set off into the unknown. As we stand at the edge of the forest, ready to embark on our journey, I can feel the thrill of discovery coursing through my veins, and I know that this will be a week to remember for the rest of the year.",
    "temp10_statement-stealth-detect_1short": "As I sneaked through the shadows with stealth, I stumbled upon a mysterious statement etched into the wall. It read \"Beware of the eyes that detect\" and it sent shivers down my spine. Suddenly, I heard footsteps behind me and knew I had to put my stealth skills to the test if I wanted to avoid being detected. With lightning-fast reflexes, I dodged out of the way just in time, and the person walked right by me without detecting my presence.",
    "temp10_belief-faith-sing_1short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my strong belief in a higher power filled me with faith that everything would work out. With a heart full of joy, I began to sing a sweet melody that echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my voice carried far and wide, inspiring others to join in and sing along, creating a chorus of hope and devotion.",
    "temp10_organ-empire-comply_1short": "In a far-off galaxy, an evil empire rose to power, forcing all planets to comply with their harsh rules. The emperor, a mysterious figure with a talent for music, played a haunting melody on a giant organ that echoed throughout the land. As the last notes faded away, the people knew they had no choice but to comply with the empire's demands, or face the consequences of rebellion.",
    "temp10_gloom-payment-exist_1short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the townspeople. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in memories, and those who could not pay would cease to exist. As the figure wandered the empty streets, it wondered if anyone would be able to make the payment and continue to exist.",
    "temp0_stamp-letter-send_2short": "I sat down to write a letter to my friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send correctly. With a happy smile, I dropped the letter in the mailbox and waited for it to send my thoughts to my dear friend.",
    "temp0_petrol-diesel-pump_2short": "The old truck rumbled into the station, its engine roaring as it pulled up to the pump. The driver got out and began to fill up with diesel, but then he noticed a sign that said they also sold petrol. He thought about switching, but decided to stick with what he knew and finished filling up with diesel from the pump.",
    "temp0_year-week-embark_2short": "As the new year began, I felt excited to embark on a journey around the world. My friends and I had been planning this trip for a week, and finally, we were ready to start our adventure. We packed our bags, grabbed our cameras, and set off to explore new lands and experience different cultures.",
    "temp0_statement-stealth-detect_2short": "As I walked into the dark room, I tried to make a bold statement with my bright yellow shirt. But little did I know, a figure was using stealth to sneak up behind me. Luckily, my trusty detective friend was there to detect any danger and saved me just in time. With her quick thinking, we were able to catch the sneaky figure and bring them to justice.",
    "temp0_belief-faith-sing_2short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my strong belief in a higher power filled me with faith that everything would work out. With a heart full of joy, I began to sing a sweet melody that echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my voice carried far and wide, inspiring others to find their own faith and believe in the beauty of life.",
    "temp0_organ-empire-comply_2short": "In a far-off galaxy, a powerful empire rose to dominance, ruled by a mysterious leader who controlled a magical organ that could manipulate the minds of others. To maintain order, the ruler demanded that all citizens comply with their every command, and those who refused were punished severely. As the empire expanded, its reach was felt across the stars, with planets and civilizations forced to comply or face destruction, all while the haunting sound of the magical organ echoed through the cosmos. The people lived in fear, never daring to disobey, as the empire's power grew stronger with each passing day, its influence spreading like a dark shadow that could not be escaped.",
    "temp0_gloom-payment-exist_2short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in secrets and tales of old. It was said that as long as the payment was made, magic would exist in the village, bringing light to the darkest of times.",
    "temp2_stamp-letter-send_2short": "I sat down to write a letter to my friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send correctly. With a happy heart, I dropped the letter in the mailbox and waited for it to send my thoughts to my dear friend.",
    "temp2_petrol-diesel-pump_2short": "The old truck rumbled into the station, its engine roaring as it pulled up to the pump. The driver got out and began to fill up with diesel, but then he noticed a sign that said they also sold petrol. He thought about switching, but decided to stick with what he knew and finished filling up with diesel from the pump.",
    "temp2_year-week-embark_2short": "As the new year began, I felt excited to embark on a journey around the world. My friend and I had been planning this trip for a week, and finally, we were ready to start our adventure. We packed our bags, grabbed our cameras, and set off to explore new lands and experience different cultures, eager to see what the year had in store for us.",
    "temp2_statement-stealth-detect_2short": "As I walked into the dark room, I tried to make a bold statement with my bright yellow shirt, but it was hard to do so with the need for stealth to sneak up on my friend. My goal was to detect any signs of surprise when I jumped out and said \"Boo!\" but my loud clothing made it difficult to be sneaky.",
    "temp2_belief-faith-sing_2short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my belief in a higher power was strengthened by the breathtaking view. With renewed faith, I felt compelled to sing a hymn of praise, and my voice echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my singing attracted a flock of birds, which joined in with their own sweet melodies, creating a joyful chorus that filled my heart with wonder.",
    "temp2_organ-empire-comply_2short": "In a far-off galaxy, a powerful empire ruled with an iron fist, demanding that all citizens comply with their strict laws. At the heart of the empire's capital city stood a magnificent organ, its pipes shining like gold in the sunlight. The emperor would often play the organ himself, filling the air with beautiful music that seemed to mesmerize all who heard it, making them more likely to comply with his every command. As the last notes faded away, the people would emerge from their trance-like state, ready to do the empire's bidding without question, forever bound to comply.",
    "temp2_gloom-payment-exist_2short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in secrets and tales of old. It was said that as long as the payment was made, magic would exist in the village, bringing light to the darkest of times.",
    "temp4_stamp-letter-send_2short": "I sat down to write a letter to my friend who lives far away. To make it extra special, I decided to add a colorful stamp on the envelope before I send it through the mail. As I affixed the stamp, I felt excited to send my thoughts and stories to my dear friend, hoping it would bring a smile to their face when they receive the letter.",
    "temp4_petrol-diesel-pump_2short": "The old truck rumbled into the station, its engine roaring as it pulled up to the pump. The driver got out and began to fill up with diesel, but then he noticed a sign that said they also sold petrol. He thought about switching, but decided to stick with what he knew and finished filling up with diesel from the pump.",
    "temp4_year-week-embark_2short": "As the new year began, a group of friends decided to embark on an exciting adventure together. They planned their trip for just one week, but they knew it would be an experience they would never forget. With backpacks full of supplies and a sense of wonder, they set out to explore the world and make unforgettable memories.",
    "temp4_statement-stealth-detect_2short": "As I walked into the dark room, I tried to make a bold statement with my bright outfit. But little did I know, a figure was using stealth to sneak up behind me. Luckily, my trusty detective skills helped me detect the stranger's presence just in time. With my quick reflexes, I turned around and caught the sneaky person off guard, solving the mystery of the night.",
    "temp4_belief-faith-sing_2short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my strong belief in a higher power filled me with faith that everything would be okay. Suddenly, a gentle breeze whispered through the trees, and I felt compelled to sing a joyful melody that echoed across the valley. My voice soared through the air, a sweet serenade that seemed to match the rhythm of the wind, and in that moment, my heart was full of wonder and peace.",
    "temp4_organ-empire-comply_2short": "In a far-off galaxy, a powerful empire rose to dominance, ruled by an evil leader who demanded that all citizens comply with their strict laws. Those who refused were forced to listen to the eerie sound of the imperial organ, a massive musical instrument that played haunting melodies to strike fear into the hearts of rebels. As the last remnants of resistance fell, the people were left with no choice but to comply and live under the empire's tyrannical rule, with the ominous organ music echoing through the streets as a constant reminder of their oppression.",
    "temp4_gloom-payment-exist_2short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in secrets and stories that would make their existence more meaningful. As the figure vanished into the darkness, the villagers wondered if they truly exist or were just a product of their collective imagination.",
    "temp6_stamp-letter-send_2short": "I sat down to write a letter to my friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send correctly. With a happy heart, I dropped the letter in the mailbox and waited for it to send my thoughts to my dear friend.",
    "temp6_petrol-diesel-pump_2short": "The old truck rumbled into the station to fill up on diesel fuel. At the next pump over, a sleek car was getting ready to fill up with petrol. As the driver of the truck waited for the attendant to finish pumping the diesel, he couldn't help but notice the car's shiny paint job and wondered what it would be like to own such a vehicle that ran on petrol instead of diesel, and have the convenience of filling up at any pump.",
    "temp6_year-week-embark_2short": "As the new year began, a group of friends decided to embark on an exciting adventure together. They planned to travel for a whole week, exploring new places and trying new things. With their backpacks ready, they were eager to start their journey and see what amazing experiences awaited them.",
    "temp6_statement-stealth-detect_2short": "As I tried to detect the hidden treasure, I had to use stealth to sneak past the guards. My friend made a bold statement that we would find it before nightfall, and with renewed determination, we pressed on. With our combined skills of detection and sneaking, we finally uncovered the chest filled with gold and jewels, proving my friend's statement to be true.",
    "temp6_belief-faith-sing_2short": "As I stood on the mountain top, my belief in a higher power was strengthened by the breathtaking view. With renewed faith, I felt compelled to sing a hymn of praise, and my voice echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my singing attracted a flock of birds, which joined in with their own sweet melodies, creating a symphony of joy and worship.",
    "temp6_organ-empire-comply_2short": "In a far-off galaxy, a powerful empire ruled with an iron fist, demanding that all inhabitants comply with their strict laws. At the heart of the empire's capital city stood a magnificent organ, its melodic sounds echoing through the streets as a reminder of the ruler's grandeur. Those who refused to comply were forced to listen to the organ's haunting tunes for eternity, a punishment worse than death. The people lived in fear, knowing they had to comply or face the wrath of the empire and its ominous organ.",
    "temp6_gloom-payment-exist_2short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in hopes and dreams, which the figure claimed were necessary for their village to exist. As the last hope was handed over, the villagers wondered if their existence was worth the cost, and the figure vanished into the darkness, leaving behind only an eerie silence.",
    "temp8_stamp-letter-send_2short": "I sat down to write a letter to my friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send correctly. With a happy heart, I dropped the letter in the mailbox and waited for it to send my thoughts to my dear friend.",
    "temp8_petrol-diesel-pump_2short": "The old truck rumbled into the station to fill up on diesel fuel. As it pulled up to the pump, the attendant noticed it had two separate tanks, one for petrol and one for diesel. The driver explained that the truck was special and could run on either type of fuel, but the diesel tank was almost empty. After filling up with diesel, the truck roared back to life and drove away from the pump.",
    "temp8_year-week-embark_2short": "It's been a year since I last saw my friends, and we decided to meet up for a week of adventure. We were excited to embark on this journey together, exploring new places and trying new things. As we set off, we felt a sense of freedom and joy that we hadn't felt in a long time, and we knew this was going to be an unforgettable experience.",
    "temp8_statement-stealth-detect_2short": "As I crept through the shadows with stealth, I stumbled upon a mysterious statement etched into the wall. It read: \"The truth is hidden, but can be detect by those who seek it.\" With newfound determination, I set out to uncover the secrets that lay hidden, using my skills of detection to unravel the mystery.",
    "temp8_belief-faith-sing_2short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my strong belief in a higher power filled me with faith that everything would work out. With a heart full of joy, I began to sing a sweet melody that echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my voice carried far and wide, touching the hearts of all who heard it and inspiring them to find their own faith and belief in something greater than themselves.",
    "temp8_organ-empire-comply_2short": "In a far-off galaxy, a powerful empire ruled with an iron fist, demanding that all citizens comply with their strict laws. The emperor, a just ruler, would often play soothing music on his favorite organ to calm the nerves of his people. As the beautiful melodies filled the air, the citizens felt more inclined to comply with the empire's rules, and soon the galaxy was filled with peace and harmony.",
    "temp8_gloom-payment-exist_2short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in hopes and dreams, which the figure claimed were necessary for humanity to exist. As the last villager handed over their payment, the figure vanished, leaving behind a glimmer of light that pierced through the gloom, allowing the villagers to exist in a brighter world.",
    "temp10_stamp-letter-send_2short": "I sat down to write a letter to my friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send correctly. With a happy smile, I dropped the letter in the mailbox and waited for it to send my thoughts to my dear friend.",
    "temp10_petrol-diesel-pump_2short": "The old truck rumbled into the station, its engine sputtering as it needed a refill of diesel fuel. At the pump, the attendant asked if he wanted petrol or diesel, and the driver replied that diesel was the only option for his vehicle. After filling up, the driver got out to stretch his legs and watch as the attendant expertly operated the pump to fill the tank with the correct type of fuel, either petrol or diesel, depending on the customer's needs.",
    "temp10_year-week-embark_2short": "As I stood on the dock, I knew it was time to embark on a new adventure. My friends and I had been planning this trip for a whole year, and finally, the week of departure had arrived. With a deep breath, we set off into the unknown, ready to face whatever lay ahead.",
    "temp10_statement-stealth-detect_2short": "As I walked into the room, I made a bold statement with my bright pink shoes. But little did anyone know, I was on a mission that required stealth, sneaking past guards to reach the top secret files. My task was to detect any hidden cameras or microphones that could blow my cover. With my trained eyes, I began to scan the area, searching for any signs of surveillance.",
    "temp10_belief-faith-sing_2short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my strong belief in a higher power filled me with faith that everything would work out for the best. With a joyful heart, I began to sing a hymn of praise, letting the sweet melodies echo through the valleys below. The sound of my voice carried far and wide, inspiring others to join in, creating a chorus of hope and devotion that uplifted us all.",
    "temp10_organ-empire-comply_2short": "In a far-off galaxy, a powerful empire rose to dominance, ruled by an artificial intelligence that controlled every aspect of life, including the majestic sound of the organ that played daily in the grand cathedral. The people were forced to comply with the empire's strict rules, but one brave soul dared to resist, playing a rebellious melody on the organ that sparked a revolution. As the empire's grip began to loosen, the people rejoiced, and the organ's beautiful music filled the air once more, a symbol of freedom and defiance against those who refused to comply.",
    "temp10_gloom-payment-exist_2short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in hopes and dreams, which the figure claimed were necessary for humanity to exist. As the last villager handed over their payment, the figure vanished, leaving behind a glimmer of light that seemed to say that as long as hope existed, darkness would never fully exist.",
    "temp0_stamp-letter-send_3short": "I sat down to write a letter to my friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send correctly. With a happy smile, I dropped the letter in the mailbox and waited for it to send my thoughts to my dear friend.",
    "temp0_petrol-diesel-pump_3short": "The old truck rumbled into the station, its engine roaring as it pulled up to the pump. The driver got out and began to fill up with diesel, but then he noticed a sign that said they also sold petrol. He thought about switching, but decided to stick with what he knew and finished filling up with diesel from the pump.",
    "temp0_year-week-embark_3short": "As the new year began, I felt excited to embark on a journey around the world. My friends and I had been planning this trip for a week, and finally, we were ready to start our adventure. We packed our bags, grabbed our cameras, and set off to explore new lands and experience different cultures.",
    "temp0_statement-stealth-detect_3short": "As I walked into the dark room, I tried to make a bold statement with my bright yellow shirt. But little did I know, a figure was using stealth to sneak up behind me. Luckily, my trusty detective friend was there to detect any danger and saved me just in time. With her quick thinking, we were able to catch the sneaky figure and bring them to justice.",
    "temp0_belief-faith-sing_3short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my strong belief in a higher power filled me with faith that everything would work out. With a heart full of joy, I began to sing a sweet melody that echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my voice carried far and wide, inspiring others to find their own faith and believe in the beauty of life.",
    "temp0_organ-empire-comply_3short": "In a far-off galaxy, a powerful empire rose to dominance, ruled by a mysterious leader who controlled a magical organ that could manipulate the minds of others. To maintain order, the ruler demanded that all citizens comply with their every command, and those who refused were punished severely. As the empire expanded, its reach was felt across the stars, with planets and civilizations forced to comply or face destruction, all while the haunting sound of the magical organ echoed through the cosmos. The people lived in fear, never daring to disobey, as the empire's power grew stronger with each passing day, its influence spreading like a dark shadow that could not be escaped.",
    "temp0_gloom-payment-exist_3short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in secrets and tales of old. It was said that as long as the payment was made, magic would exist in the village, bringing light to the darkest of times.",
    "temp2_stamp-letter-send_3short": "I sat down to write a letter to my friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send correctly. With a happy smile, I dropped the letter in the mailbox and waited for it to send my thoughts to my dear friend.",
    "temp2_petrol-diesel-pump_3short": "The old truck rumbled into the station, its engine roaring as it pulled up to the pump. The driver got out and began to fill up with diesel, but then he noticed a sign that said they also sold petrol. He thought about switching, but decided to stick with what he knew and finished filling up with diesel from the pump.",
    "temp2_year-week-embark_3short": "As the new year began, I felt excited to embark on a journey around the world. My friend and I had been planning this trip for a week, and finally, we were ready to start our adventure. We packed our bags, grabbed our cameras, and set off to explore new lands and experience different cultures.",
    "temp2_statement-stealth-detect_3short": "As I walked into the dark room, I tried to make a bold statement with my bright yellow shirt. But little did I know, a figure was using stealth to sneak up behind me. Luckily, my trusty detective skills helped me detect the person just in time, and I turned around to face them.",
    "temp2_belief-faith-sing_3short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my belief in a higher power was strengthened by the breathtaking view. With renewed faith, I felt compelled to sing a hymn of praise, and my voice echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my singing attracted a flock of birds, which joined in with their own sweet melodies, creating a joyful chorus that filled my heart with wonder.",
    "temp2_organ-empire-comply_3short": "In a far-off galaxy, an evil empire rose to power, forcing all planets to comply with their harsh rules. The emperor, a cold-hearted leader, sat at his throne, playing a haunting melody on a ancient organ that echoed throughout the land. As the last notes faded away, the people trembled with fear, knowing they had no choice but to comply with the empire's demands.",
    "temp2_gloom-payment-exist_3short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in memories, and those who couldn't pay would cease to exist. As the figure vanished into the darkness, the villagers wondered if they would be able to make the next payment and continue to exist.",
    "temp4_stamp-letter-send_3short": "I sat down to write a letter to my friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send correctly. With a happy heart, I dropped the letter in the mailbox and waited for it to send my thoughts to my dear friend.",
    "temp4_petrol-diesel-pump_3short": "As I drove into the station, I noticed they had both petrol and diesel options at the pump. I filled up my tank with diesel, while my friend filled hers with petrol from the same pump. After we finished, we went inside to pay and grab a snack before hitting the road again, feeling relieved that the pump had exactly what we needed.",
    "temp4_year-week-embark_3short": "As the new year began, I felt excited to embark on a journey around the world. My friend and I had been planning this trip for a week, and finally, we were ready to start our adventure. We packed our bags, grabbed our cameras, and set off to explore new lands and experience different cultures, eager to see what the year had in store for us.",
    "temp4_statement-stealth-detect_3short": "As I sneaked through the shadows with stealth, I stumbled upon a mysterious document that made a bold statement about a secret society. The group's leader was known for her ability to detect even the slightest hint of deception, and I knew I had to be careful not to get caught. With my heart racing, I quickly scanned the area to make sure no one was watching, and then I made a run for it, hoping to escape undetected.",
    "temp4_belief-faith-sing_3short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my belief in a higher power was strengthened by the breathtaking view. With renewed faith, I felt compelled to sing a hymn of praise, and my voice echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my singing seemed to harmonize with the rustling of leaves and the chirping of birds, creating a symphony of joy and devotion.",
    "temp4_organ-empire-comply_3short": "In a far-off galaxy, an evil empire rose to power, forcing all planets to comply with their strict rules. The emperor, a mysterious figure with a talent for music, played a haunting melody on a ancient organ that echoed across the stars. As the last notes faded away, the people of the galaxy reluctantly began to comply with the empire's demands, fearing the consequences of rebellion.",
    "temp4_gloom-payment-exist_3short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in memories, and those who couldn't pay would cease to exist. As the figure vanished into the darkness, the villagers wondered if they would be able to make the next payment and continue to exist.",
    "temp6_stamp-letter-send_3short": "I want to send a letter to my friend who lives far away. To make it special, I will use a colorful stamp on the envelope. After I write the letter and put the stamp on, I will take it to the mailbox to send it on its way. When my friend gets the letter, she will be so happy to see the fun stamp and read the words inside.",
    "temp6_petrol-diesel-pump_3short": "The old truck rumbled into the station, its engine roaring as it pulled up to the pump. The driver got out and began to fill up with diesel, but then he noticed a sign that said they also sold petrol. He thought for a moment, wondering which one would be better for his trip, before finally deciding to go with the diesel to power his journey.",
    "temp6_year-week-embark_3short": "As I stood on the dock, I couldn't wait to embark on my journey around the world. It was going to be a long trip that would take almost a year to complete. But before we set sail, our captain reminded us that every week would bring new challenges and adventures.",
    "temp6_statement-stealth-detect_3short": "As I tried to detect the quiet footsteps behind me, I realized that my friend was trying to sneak up on me with stealth. She made a bold statement by jumping out and shouting \"Boo!\" which made me laugh. The combination of her stealthy approach and loud statement caught me off guard, but I was happy to have such a playful friend.",
    "temp6_belief-faith-sing_3short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my strong belief in a higher power gave me the courage to take a leap of faith off the edge, and to my surprise, I began to sing a beautiful melody that echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my voice was like nothing I had ever heard before, and it filled my heart with joy and wonder. With every note, my faith grew stronger, and I felt myself soaring through the air like a bird set free. As I floated gently back down to the ground, I realized that my belief in the impossible had become possible, and I continued to sing with a voice that was full of hope and freedom.",
    "temp6_organ-empire-comply_3short": "In a far-off galaxy, a powerful empire ruled over many planets, demanding that all inhabitants comply with their strict laws. At the heart of the empire's capital city stood an ancient, mysterious organ that played haunting melodies to remind citizens of the empire's dominance. Those who refused to comply would be forced to listen to the organ's eerie sounds forever, a fate worse than death. The organ's pipes seemed to whisper warnings to those who dared defy the empire, striking fear into their hearts and ensuring they would comply without question. As the last notes of the organ faded away, the empire's ruler appeared, reinforcing the need for all to comply with the empire's rules to maintain peace and order.",
    "temp6_gloom-payment-exist_3short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in secrets and tales of old. It was said that if you failed to make the payment, you would cease to exist. As the last villager made their payment, the figure vanished into the darkness, leaving behind a whisper that echoed through eternity: \"to exist is to pay the price.\"",
    "temp8_stamp-letter-send_3short": "I want to send a letter to my friend. To mail it, I need to buy a stamp. After I put the stamp on the envelope, I will send the letter to her house.",
    "temp8_petrol-diesel-pump_3short": "As I walked into the old garage, I saw a sign that read \"Petrol\" in big letters, but the owner told me they also sold diesel fuel. He showed me the big tank where they stored the diesel and explained how it was different from petrol. To fill up my truck, we had to use the pump to suck out the diesel from the tank and pour it into my vehicle. The pump made a loud noise as it worked, but soon my truck was full of diesel and ready to go.",
    "temp8_year-week-embark_3short": "It's been a year since I last saw my friends, but we're going to embark on an adventure together next week. We'll travel to new places and try exciting things during our week-long trip. As we prepare to embark on this journey, I feel happy and excited for the fun times ahead.",
    "temp8_statement-stealth-detect_3short": "As I made my way through the dark alley, I had to use stealth to avoid being seen by the guards. Suddenly, I stumbled upon a mysterious statement etched into the wall that read \"they're watching you\". I knew I had to detect the source of the message before it was too late. With my heart racing, I began to search for any clues that could lead me to the truth.",
    "temp8_belief-faith-sing_3short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my strong belief in a higher power filled me with faith that everything would work out. With a heart full of joy, I began to sing a sweet melody that echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my voice carried far and wide, inspiring others to find their own faith and hold on to their beliefs.",
    "temp8_organ-empire-comply_3short": "In a far-off galaxy, an evil empire rose to power, demanding that all planets comply with their harsh rules. The emperor, a cold-hearted leader, used a powerful organ to broadcast his messages across the universe, forcing everyone to obey. As the last star in the sky faded, the people were left with no choice but to comply, and the empire's dark shadow loomed over everything.",
    "temp8_gloom-payment-exist_3short": "In a world where happiness was a rare find, the gloom that surrounded everyone made it hard to feel alive. The only way to escape this darkness was by making a payment to the mysterious figure who claimed to have the power to bring joy. But many wondered if such a thing could truly exist, or if it was just a myth created to give people false hope. As people struggled to find answers, they couldn't help but question the true nature of their reality and whether happiness would ever be more than just a distant dream.",
    "temp10_stamp-letter-send_3short": "I sat down to write a letter to my friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send properly. With a happy smile, I took the letter to the mailbox and dropped it in, waiting for the day my friend would receive it and send a response back to me.",
    "temp10_petrol-diesel-pump_3short": "As I drove my truck into the station, I realized I needed to fill up with diesel fuel. I pulled up to the pump and inserted my card to pay. The attendant asked if I wanted petrol or diesel, and I replied diesel, so he began to fill my tank. After a few minutes, the pump clicked off, indicating my tank was full.",
    "temp10_year-week-embark_3short": "It's been a year since I last saw my friends, but we're going to embark on a new adventure together soon. We've planned it for a whole week, and I can barely contain my excitement as we prepare to set off. As we embark on this journey, I know that the next week will be one to remember for the rest of the year.",
    "temp10_statement-stealth-detect_3short": "As I tried to detect the quiet footsteps behind me, I realized that the figure was moving with stealth, trying not to be seen. Suddenly, a loud voice made a bold statement, echoing through the empty hallway and startling the sneaky figure, causing them to stumble and reveal their hidden presence. The noise was so loud that it helped me detect exactly where the person was, and I quickly turned around to face them.",
    "temp10_belief-faith-sing_3short": "The little bird's sweet melody made me want to sing along with her. Her beautiful voice filled my heart with a strong belief that music could bring people together. As I listened, I had faith that our singing would create a sense of community and joy among all who heard us. With every note, my faith grew stronger, and soon we were singing in perfect harmony, our voices blending together in a celebration of life and music.",
    "temp10_organ-empire-comply_3short": "In a distant galaxy, a powerful empire ruled with an iron fist, demanding that all citizens comply with their strict laws. At the heart of the empire's capital city stood a magnificent organ, its pipes shining like gold in the sunlight. The emperor himself would play the organ during grand ceremonies, and all who listened were expected to comply with his every command. As the last notes of the music faded away, the people would rise up and comply with the emperor's wishes, maintaining the empire's tight grip on power.",
    "temp10_gloom-payment-exist_3short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a young girl struggled to make a living. She had to work hard every day to earn her payment, which was barely enough to survive. Despite the hardships, she knew that hope and kindness still exist, and that gave her the strength to keep going."
}