{
    "temp0_stamp-letter-send_1short": "I sat down to write a letter to my friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send correctly. With a happy smile, I dropped the letter in the mailbox and waited for it to send my thoughts to my dear friend.",
    "temp0_petrol-diesel-pump_1short": "As I drove into the station, I noticed they had both petrol and diesel options at the pump. The attendant helped me fill up my tank with the correct fuel type, making sure not to mix up the petrol and diesel nozzles. After a few minutes, the pump stopped and my vehicle was ready to hit the road again.",
    "temp0_year-week-embark_1short": "As the new year began, a group of friends decided to embark on an exciting adventure together. They planned to travel for a whole week, exploring new places and trying new things. With their backpacks full of supplies, they set off early one morning, ready to embark on the journey of a lifetime, and make the most of their week-long trip that would be remembered for the entire year.",
    "temp0_statement-stealth-detect_1short": "As I walked into the dark room, I tried to make a bold statement with my bright yellow shirt. But little did I know, a figure was using stealth to sneak up behind me. Luckily, my trusty detective friend was there to detect any potential danger and saved me just in time. With her quick thinking, we were able to catch the sneaky figure and bring them to justice.",
    "temp0_belief-faith-sing_1short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my belief in a higher power was strengthened by the breathtaking view. With renewed faith, I felt compelled to sing a hymn of praise, and my voice echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my singing attracted a flock of birds, which joined in with their own sweet melodies, creating a joyful chorus that filled my heart with wonder.",
    "temp0_organ-empire-comply_1short": "In a far-off galaxy, an evil empire rose to power, forcing all planets to comply with their harsh rules. The emperor, a mysterious figure with a talent for music, would often play a haunting melody on his favorite organ to remind his subjects of his dominance. As the last notes faded away, the people knew they had to comply or face severe punishment, and so they lived in fear of the empire's mighty power.",
    "temp0_gloom-payment-exist_1short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in secrets and tales of old. It was said that as long as the payment was made, the village would exist in harmony with the darkness. The villagers believed that if they failed to make the payment, their world would cease to exist.",
    "temp2_stamp-letter-send_1short": "I sat down to write a letter to my friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send correctly. With a happy heart, I dropped the letter in the mailbox and waited for it to send my thoughts to my dear friend.",
    "temp2_petrol-diesel-pump_1short": "As I drove into the station, I noticed they had a separate pump for petrol and diesel fuel. The attendant helped me fill up my tank with diesel, and then I watched as he expertly switched to the petrol pump to fill up another customer's car. After filling up, I went inside to pay and saw a big sign that said \"Petrol and Diesel Fuel\" with an arrow pointing to the pump outside.",
    "temp2_year-week-embark_1short": "As the new year began, a group of friends decided to embark on an exciting adventure together. They planned to travel for a whole week, exploring new places and trying new things. With their backpacks full of supplies, they set off early one morning, ready to embark on the journey of a lifetime, and make the most of their week-long trip that would be remembered for the entire year.",
    "temp2_statement-stealth-detect_1short": "As I walked into the dark room, I tried to make a bold statement with my bright yellow shirt, but it was hard to do so with the need for stealth as I snuck up on my friend. My goal was to detect any signs of surprise when I jumped out and said \"Boo!\"",
    "temp2_belief-faith-sing_1short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my belief in a higher power was strengthened by the breathtaking view. With renewed faith, I felt compelled to sing a hymn of praise, and my voice echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my singing attracted a flock of birds, which joined in with their own sweet melodies, creating a joyful chorus that filled my heart with wonder.",
    "temp2_organ-empire-comply_1short": "In a far-off galaxy, an evil empire rose to power, demanding that all planets comply with their harsh rules. The emperor, a cold-hearted leader, sat at his throne, playing a haunting melody on a massive organ that echoed throughout the land. As the last notes faded away, the emperor's voice boomed out, warning all who refused to comply that they would face destruction.",
    "temp2_gloom-payment-exist_1short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in secrets and tales of old. It was said that as long as the payment was made, the village would exist in harmony with the darkness. As the last tale was told, the figure vanished, leaving behind a sense of wonder and a reminder that even in gloom, magic can exist.",
    "temp4_stamp-letter-send_1short": "I sat down to write a letter to my friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send correctly. With a happy heart, I dropped the letter in the mailbox and waited for it to send my thoughts to my dear friend.",
    "temp4_petrol-diesel-pump_1short": "As I drove into the old gas station, I noticed they had both petrol and diesel options at the pump. The attendant helped me fill up my tank with the correct fuel type, making sure not to mix up the petrol and diesel nozzles. After a few minutes, the pump clicked off, indicating that my vehicle was full and ready to hit the road again.",
    "temp4_year-week-embark_1short": "As the new year began, a group of friends decided to embark on an exciting adventure together. They planned to travel for a whole week, exploring new places and trying new things. With their backpacks full and spirits high, they were ready to embark on the journey of a lifetime, starting that very week, and make it a year to remember.",
    "temp4_statement-stealth-detect_1short": "As I tried to detect the quiet footsteps behind me, I realized that my friend was trying to sneak up on me with stealth. She made a bold statement by jumping out and shouting \"Boo!\" which made me laugh loudly. With her mission accomplished, she smiled proudly at her ability to catch me off guard.",
    "temp4_belief-faith-sing_1short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my strong belief in a higher power filled me with faith that everything would work out. With a heart full of joy, I began to sing a sweet melody that echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my voice carried far and wide, touching the hearts of all who heard it and inspiring them to hold on to their own faith.",
    "temp4_organ-empire-comply_1short": "In a far-off galaxy, a powerful empire rose to dominance, ruled by an evil leader who demanded that all citizens comply with their strict laws. The people were forced to gather at the grand temple to hear the emperor's decrees, which were accompanied by the haunting sounds of a massive organ. As the last notes faded away, the crowd reluctantly began to comply, surrendering their freedom to the empire's iron grip.",
    "temp4_gloom-payment-exist_1short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged with an offer of payment to those who could prove they exist. The reward was great, but the challenge was daunting, and many wondered if it was worth the risk to claim the prize. As people stepped forward to accept the offer, the darkness began to lift, and the figure's true intentions started to exist in the light.",
    "temp6_stamp-letter-send_1short": "I want to send a letter to my friend who lives far away. To make it special, I will use a colorful stamp on the envelope. When I finish writing, I will carefully place the letter in the mailbox and wait for it to arrive at its destination.",
    "temp6_petrol-diesel-pump_1short": "The old truck rumbled into the station, its engine sputtering as it pulled up to the pump. The driver got out to fill up with diesel, but noticed a sign that said they also sold petrol for the smaller cars. As he filled his tank, he thought about how convenient it was to have both options available at the same pump.",
    "temp6_year-week-embark_1short": "It's been a year since I last saw my friends, but we're about to embark on an amazing adventure together. We've planned this trip for a week, and I can barely contain my excitement as we prepare to set off. As we embark on our journey, I know that the next week will be filled with laughter, excitement, and unforgettable memories that will last a lifetime.",
    "temp6_statement-stealth-detect_1short": "As I walked into the dark room, I stumbled upon a mysterious statement scrawled on the wall that read \"they're watching you\". Suddenly, I felt a chill run down my spine and realized I had to use stealth to sneak past the guards undetected. But just as I thought I was safe, a loud alarm blared and a voice shouted \"detect the intruder\" - I knew I had been caught.",
    "temp6_belief-faith-sing_1short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my belief in a higher power was strengthened by the breathtaking view. With renewed faith, I began to sing a gentle melody that echoed through the valleys below. My voice carried far and wide, touching the hearts of all who heard it, and reminding them of the power of faith and song.",
    "temp6_organ-empire-comply_1short": "In a far-off galaxy, a powerful empire rose to dominance, ruled by a mysterious leader who controlled the minds of its citizens through a magical organ that played haunting melodies. To avoid punishment, everyone had to comply with the empire's strict rules and regulations, which were enforced by an army of robotic guards. As the years passed, the people began to lose their sense of individuality and freedom, forced to comply with every command without question, their lives dictated by the empire's whims and the eerie sounds of the controlling organ. The empire's grip on the galaxy seemed unbreakable, its power growing stronger with each passing day as it continued to demand absolute compliance from its subjects.",
    "temp6_gloom-payment-exist_1short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in memories, which the figure claimed were necessary for their kind to exist. As the villagers handed over their most precious recollections, the figure vanished into the darkness, leaving behind a faint glow that seemed to whisper \"we exist\" in the wind.",
    "temp8_stamp-letter-send_1short": "I want to send a letter to my friend who lives far away. To make it special, I will add a colorful stamp on the envelope. When I finish writing, I will run to the mailbox to send my letter as fast as I can.",
    "temp8_petrol-diesel-pump_1short": "As I drove into the old gas station, I noticed they had both petrol and diesel options at the pump. The attendant helped me fill up my tank with the right fuel, and I was back on the road in no time. After a quick stop to grab a snack from the convenience store, I continued driving down the highway, feeling grateful for the convenient pump that got me going again.",
    "temp8_year-week-embark_1short": "As the new year began, a group of friends decided to embark on an exciting adventure together. They planned their trip for just one week, packing lightly and preparing for the unknown. With a mix of nerves and anticipation, they set off early on Monday morning, ready to embark on their journey and make the most of their short week-long escape.",
    "temp8_statement-stealth-detect_1short": "As I tried to detect the quiet footsteps behind me, I realized that someone was using stealth to sneak up on me. Suddenly, a figure emerged from the shadows and made a bold statement by shouting my name loudly. The combination of surprise and loud noise made it impossible for me to maintain my own stealth, and I turned around to face the person who had been trying to detect my movements.",
    "temp8_belief-faith-sing_1short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my belief in a higher power filled my heart with faith. With a deep breath, I began to sing a hymn that echoed through the valleys below. The melody was so pure and strong that it seemed to touch the heavens themselves, reaffirming my faith and strengthening my belief. As the last note faded away, I felt a sense of peace wash over me, and I knew that my voice had been heard.",
    "temp8_organ-empire-comply_1short": "In a far-off galaxy, a powerful empire rose to dominance with its advanced technology and strict rules that everyone had to comply with. At the heart of the empire's capital city stood an enormous, ancient organ that played haunting melodies to remind citizens of their duty to obey. As the last notes faded away, the people would emerge from their homes to start their daily work, ready to comply with every command given by the empire's rulers. The organ's majestic sound became a symbol of the empire's strength and control, echoing through the streets as a reminder to always comply.",
    "temp8_gloom-payment-exist_1short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was said to ensure their village would exist for another year, free from harm and darkness. As the figure vanished into the shadows, the villagers wondered if they had made a fair deal, or if they had just sealed their fate.",
    "temp10_stamp-letter-send_1short": "I want to send a letter to my friend who lives far away. To make it special, I will use a colorful stamp on the envelope. After I write the letter and put the stamp on, I will take it to the mailbox to send it to her. When she gets the letter, she will be so happy to hear from me.",
    "temp10_petrol-diesel-pump_1short": "The old truck rumbled into the station, its engine sputtering as it pulled up to the pump. The attendant asked if he wanted petrol or diesel, and the driver replied that diesel was his only option. As the fuel flowed into the tank, the driver couldn't help but think about how much longer his trusty vehicle would last with a full tank of diesel from the pump, and whether he should have chosen petrol instead.",
    "temp10_year-week-embark_1short": "As I stood on the dock, I couldn't wait to embark on my journey around the world, a trip I had been planning for a whole year. My friends and family waved goodbye as I set sail, beginning an adventure that would last a week or maybe even longer.",
    "temp10_statement-stealth-detect_1short": "The detective tried to make a statement by solving the toughest case in town. She used her stealth skills to sneak into the suspect's house without being seen, and then she had to detect any clues that could lead her to the treasure. With her exceptional detecting abilities, she was able to find the hidden key and crack the code to unlock the safe.",
    "temp10_belief-faith-sing_1short": "As I stood on the mountain top, my belief in a higher power grew stronger with each breath. With faith guiding me, I felt an overwhelming urge to sing a hymn of praise, and my voice echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my singing attracted a flock of birds that joined in, creating a beautiful chorus that filled my heart with joy.",
    "temp10_organ-empire-comply_1short": "In a far-off galaxy, an evil alien overlord ruled with an iron fist, forcing his subjects to comply with every demand or face severe punishment. His empire stretched across the stars, with towering spaceships and futuristic cities that hummed with the sound of a mighty organ playing ominous tunes. As the last remnants of resistance fell, the people were left with no choice but to comply with the overlord's every whim, living in fear of his wrath as his empire continued to expand.",
    "temp10_gloom-payment-exist_1short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in memories, and those who couldn't pay would cease to exist. As the figure vanished into the darkness, the villagers wondered if they truly exist or were just a product of their own imaginations.",
    "temp0_stamp-letter-send_2short": "I sat down to write a letter to my friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send correctly. With a happy smile, I dropped the letter in the mailbox and waited for it to send my thoughts to my dear friend.",
    "temp0_petrol-diesel-pump_2short": "As I drove into the station, I noticed they had both petrol and diesel options at the pump. The attendant helped me fill up my tank with the correct fuel type, making sure not to mix up the petrol and diesel nozzles. After a few minutes, the pump stopped and my vehicle was ready to hit the road again.",
    "temp0_year-week-embark_2short": "As the new year began, a group of friends decided to embark on an exciting adventure together. They planned to travel for a whole week, exploring new places and trying new things. With their backpacks full of supplies, they set off early one morning, ready to embark on the journey of a lifetime, and make the most of their week-long trip that would be remembered for the entire year.",
    "temp0_statement-stealth-detect_2short": "As I walked into the dark room, I tried to make a bold statement with my bright yellow shirt. But little did I know, a figure was using stealth to sneak up behind me. Luckily, my trusty detective friend was there to detect any potential danger and saved me just in time. With her quick thinking, we were able to catch the sneaky figure and bring them to justice.",
    "temp0_belief-faith-sing_2short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my belief in a higher power was strengthened by the breathtaking view. With renewed faith, I felt compelled to sing a hymn of praise, and my voice echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my singing attracted a flock of birds, which joined in with their own sweet melodies, creating a joyful chorus that filled my heart with wonder.",
    "temp0_organ-empire-comply_2short": "In a far-off galaxy, an evil empire rose to power, forcing all planets to comply with their harsh rules. The emperor, a mysterious figure with a talent for music, would often play a haunting melody on his favorite organ to remind his subjects of his dominance. As the last notes faded away, the people knew they had to comply or face severe punishment, and so they lived in fear of the empire's mighty power.",
    "temp0_gloom-payment-exist_2short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in secrets and tales of old. It was said that as long as the payment was made, the village would exist in harmony with the darkness. The villagers believed that if they failed to make the payment, their world would cease to exist.",
    "temp2_stamp-letter-send_2short": "I sat down to write a letter to my best friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send correctly. With a happy smile, I dropped the letter in the mailbox and waited for it to send my thoughts to my friend's hands.",
    "temp2_petrol-diesel-pump_2short": "As I drove into the old gas station, I noticed they had both petrol and diesel options at the pump. The attendant helped me fill up my tank with the correct fuel, and I was back on the road in no time.",
    "temp2_year-week-embark_2short": "As the new year began, I felt excited to embark on a journey around the world. My friends and I had been planning this trip for a week, and finally, we were ready to start our adventure. We packed our bags, grabbed our cameras, and set off to explore new lands and experience different cultures.",
    "temp2_statement-stealth-detect_2short": "As I tried to detect the hidden treasure, I had to use stealth to sneak past the guards undetected. My friend made a bold statement that we would find it before nightfall, and with renewed determination, we pressed on through the dark cave. Suddenly, my keen senses helped me detect a faint glow emanating from a nearby chest, and with stealth, I opened it to reveal the treasure within.",
    "temp2_belief-faith-sing_2short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my strong belief in a higher power filled me with faith that everything would work out. With a joyful heart, I began to sing a sweet melody that echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my voice carried far and wide, inspiring others to join in, creating a chorus of hope and devotion.",
    "temp2_organ-empire-comply_2short": "In a far-off galaxy, an evil empire rose to power, demanding that all planets comply with their harsh rules. The emperor, a cold and heartless leader, sat at his throne, playing a haunting melody on a ancient organ. As the last notes faded away, he decreed that any planet refusing to comply would be destroyed, striking fear into the hearts of all who opposed him.",
    "temp2_gloom-payment-exist_2short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in secrets and tales of old. It was said that as long as the payment was made, the village would exist in harmony with the darkness.",
    "temp4_stamp-letter-send_2short": "I sat down to write a letter to my friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send correctly. With a happy smile, I dropped the letter in the mailbox and waited for it to send my thoughts to my dear friend.",
    "temp4_petrol-diesel-pump_2short": "As I drove into the old gas station, I noticed they had both petrol and diesel options at the pump. The attendant helped me fill up my tank with the right fuel, and I was back on the road in no time. The pump creaked and groaned as it dispensed the petrol, a sound that seemed familiar and comforting to me. After filling up, I took a moment to appreciate the nostalgic charm of the station, with its vintage signs and rusty pump.",
    "temp4_year-week-embark_2short": "As the new year began, a group of friends decided to embark on an exciting adventure together. They planned their trip for a whole week, making sure to pack everything they needed and mapping out their route carefully. With their bags full and spirits high, they were ready to embark on their journey and make it a year to remember.",
    "temp4_statement-stealth-detect_2short": "As I walked into the dark room, I tried to make a bold statement with my bright yellow shirt, but it was hard to do so with the need for stealth to sneak up on my friend. My goal was to detect any hidden dangers, but all I found were balloons and a big surprise party waiting for me.",
    "temp4_belief-faith-sing_2short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my belief in a higher power was strengthened by the breathtaking view. With renewed faith, I began to sing a hymn that echoed through the valleys below. The melody carried my spirit upward, connecting me to something greater than myself. In that moment, my voice became one with the universe, filling me with an unshakeable sense of wonder and awe.",
    "temp4_organ-empire-comply_2short": "In a far-off galaxy, a powerful empire rose to dominance, ruled by an evil leader who demanded that all citizens comply with his harsh laws. The people lived in fear, forced to obey every command, until one brave musician discovered an ancient organ hidden deep within the empire's castle walls. As she played the organ's haunting melodies, the empire's grip on the population began to weaken, inspiring a revolution that would eventually bring freedom to the oppressed citizens.",
    "temp4_gloom-payment-exist_2short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in secrets and stories that would make their existence more meaningful. As the figure vanished into the night, the villagers wondered if it would ever exist again, or if it was just a product of their collective imagination.",
    "temp6_stamp-letter-send_2short": "I sat down to write a letter to my best friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send properly. With a happy heart, I dropped the letter in the mailbox and waited for it to send my thoughts to my dear friend.",
    "temp6_petrol-diesel-pump_2short": "The old truck rumbled into the station, its engine coughing out a cloud of smoke as it pulled up to the pump. The attendant, a gruff but kind man, asked if he wanted petrol or diesel, and the driver replied that diesel was his fuel of choice. With a few swift movements, the attendant had the pump flowing, filling the truck's tank with the cool, dark liquid. As the driver waited, he watched as a sleek sports car pulled up to the next pump, its owner opting for petrol to power its speedy engine.",
    "temp6_year-week-embark_2short": "As I stood on the dock, I couldn't wait to embark on my journey around the world. It had been a year of planning and preparation, but finally, the day had arrived. My friend and I would set sail for a week, exploring hidden coves and secret islands. We were excited to see what adventures awaited us as we embarked on this thrilling voyage.",
    "temp6_statement-stealth-detect_2short": "The detective made a bold statement as she entered the dark alley, her eyes scanning the area with stealth precision. She was on a mission to detect any signs of the elusive thief who had been evading capture for weeks. With her trained ears and sharp instincts, she could detect even the faintest sound, and soon she would uncover the truth behind the mysterious robberies. As she moved deeper into the shadows, her stealth mode allowed her to sneak up on the culprit, and with a swift move, she was able to detect the glint of the stolen jewels in their hand. The detective's statement had been clear: justice would be served, and now it was finally within reach.",
    "temp6_belief-faith-sing_2short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my belief in a higher power was strengthened by the breathtaking view. With renewed faith, I felt compelled to sing a hymn of praise, and my voice echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my singing attracted a flock of birds, which joined in with their own sweet melodies, creating a joyful symphony that filled my heart with wonder.",
    "temp6_organ-empire-comply_2short": "In a far-off galaxy, an evil empire rose to power, forcing all planets to comply with their harsh rules. The emperor, a cold-hearted leader, sat at his throne, playing a haunting melody on a massive organ that echoed throughout the land. As the last notes faded away, the people trembled with fear, knowing they had to comply or face the wrath of the empire.",
    "temp6_gloom-payment-exist_2short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The villagers had long forgotten what they owed, but the figure's presence reminded them that their debt did exist. As they handed over the payment, the gloom began to lift, and the villagers realized that their existence was tied to the balance of these transactions.",
    "temp8_stamp-letter-send_2short": "I want to send a letter to my friend who lives far away. To make it special, I will put a colorful stamp on the envelope. When I finish writing, I will take it to the mailbox and send it on its way.",
    "temp8_petrol-diesel-pump_2short": "The old truck rumbled into the station, its engine sputtering as it pulled up to the pump. The driver got out and began to fill up with petrol, but then he noticed they also had diesel available. He thought for a moment before deciding to switch to diesel, hoping it would be better for his vehicle's long journey ahead. As he finished pumping the diesel, he felt relieved that he had made the right choice for his trusty truck.",
    "temp8_year-week-embark_2short": "As I stood on the dock, I couldn't wait to embark on my sailing adventure around the world. It was going to be a long journey that would take almost a year to complete. My friends and family had all come to see me off, and we had just finished celebrating with a big party that lasted all week.",
    "temp8_statement-stealth-detect_2short": "As I tried to detect the hidden treasure, I had to move with stealth through the dark cave. Suddenly, I stumbled upon an ancient scroll with a mysterious statement that read: \"The treasure lies where shadows fall.\" With this new clue, I was able to detect the location of the treasure and claim it as my own.",
    "temp8_belief-faith-sing_2short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my strong belief in a higher power filled me with faith that everything would work out. With a heart full of joy, I began to sing a sweet melody that echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my voice carried far and wide, inspiring others to join in, creating a chorus of hope and devotion.",
    "temp8_organ-empire-comply_2short": "In a far-off galaxy, an evil empire rose to power, forcing all planets to comply with their harsh rules. The emperor, a cold and heartless leader, sat at his throne, playing a haunting melody on a ancient organ that echoed throughout the land. As the last note faded away, the emperor's voice boomed out, warning all who refused to comply that they would face severe punishment, and the people cowered in fear, knowing they had no choice but to obey the empire's every command.",
    "temp8_gloom-payment-exist_2short": "In a world where happiness was a distant memory, a sense of gloom hung over the land. The people were forced to make a payment every month to the ruling powers, draining their resources and deepening the darkness. But amidst all this, a young girl discovered a hidden garden that seemed to exist in a different realm, full of vibrant colors and warmth. As she spent more time in the garden, she realized that beauty could still exist even in the darkest of times. The garden became her refuge, a place where she could escape the gloom and forget about the burdensome payment. And as she tended to the garden, she began to understand that its existence was a reminder that there was still hope, and that one day the gloom would lift and the payment would no longer be necessary.",
    "temp10_stamp-letter-send_2short": "I want to send a letter to my friend who lives far away. To make it special, I will use a colorful stamp on the envelope. After I write the letter and put the stamp on, I will take it to the mailbox to send it to my friend.",
    "temp10_petrol-diesel-pump_2short": "The old truck rumbled into the station, its engine sputtering as it pulled up to the pump. The driver got out and began to fill up with petrol, but then he realized he needed diesel instead. He switched the nozzle and started pumping the correct fuel, relieved that he had caught the mistake before it was too late. As he finished up and replaced the nozzle, he couldn't help but think about how important it was to use the right type of fuel for his vehicle.",
    "temp10_year-week-embark_2short": "It's been a year since I last saw my friends, but we're finally going to embark on an adventure together. We've planned this trip for a week, and I can barely contain my excitement as we prepare to set off. As we embark on our journey, I know that this is just the beginning of an unforgettable experience that will last a lifetime.",
    "temp10_statement-stealth-detect_2short": "As I made my way through the dark alley, I had to use stealth to sneak past the guards undetected. My mission was to deliver a secret statement to the rebel leader, and I couldn't afford to get caught. With my trained skills, I was able to detect even the slightest movement, allowing me to avoid danger at every turn.",
    "temp10_belief-faith-sing_2short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my belief in a higher power was strengthened by the breathtaking view. With renewed faith, I felt compelled to sing a hymn of praise, and my voice echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my singing attracted a flock of birds, which joined in with their own sweet melodies, creating a joyful symphony that filled my heart with wonder.",
    "temp10_organ-empire-comply_2short": "In a far-off galaxy, an evil empire rose to power, forcing all planets to comply with their strict rules. The empire's leader, a powerful being, played a haunting melody on a mysterious organ that could control the minds of those who listened. As the last free planet refused to comply, the empire's ruler used the organ's dark magic to bend their will, and soon the entire galaxy was under their command.",
    "temp10_gloom-payment-exist_2short": "In a world where magic was real, a mysterious gloom hung over the land, threatening to destroy everything that existed. The only way to lift the darkness was to make a payment to the powerful sorceress who cast the spell. If they failed to exist in harmony with nature, the sorceress warned that the gloom would never be lifted and their world would cease to exist forever, making the payment pointless.",
    "temp0_stamp-letter-send_3short": "I sat down to write a letter to my friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send correctly. With a happy smile, I dropped the letter in the mailbox and waited for it to send my thoughts to my dear friend.",
    "temp0_petrol-diesel-pump_3short": "As I drove into the station, I noticed they had both petrol and diesel options at the pump. The attendant helped me fill up my tank with the correct fuel type, making sure not to mix up the petrol and diesel nozzles. After a few minutes, the pump stopped and my vehicle was ready to hit the road again.",
    "temp0_year-week-embark_3short": "As the new year began, a group of friends decided to embark on an exciting adventure together. They planned to travel for a whole week, exploring new places and trying new things. With their backpacks full of supplies, they set off early one morning, ready to embark on the journey of a lifetime, and make the most of their week-long trip that would be remembered for the entire year.",
    "temp0_statement-stealth-detect_3short": "As I walked into the dark room, I tried to make a bold statement with my bright yellow shirt. But little did I know, a figure was using stealth to sneak up behind me. Luckily, my trusty detective friend was there to detect any potential danger and saved me just in time. With her quick thinking, we were able to catch the sneaky figure and bring them to justice.",
    "temp0_belief-faith-sing_3short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my belief in a higher power was strengthened by the breathtaking view. With renewed faith, I felt compelled to sing a hymn of praise, and my voice echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my singing attracted a flock of birds, which joined in with their own sweet melodies, creating a joyful chorus that filled my heart with wonder.",
    "temp0_organ-empire-comply_3short": "In a far-off galaxy, an evil empire rose to power, forcing all planets to comply with their harsh rules. The emperor, a mysterious figure with a talent for music, would often play a haunting melody on his favorite organ to remind his subjects of his dominance. As the last notes faded away, the people knew they had to comply or face severe punishment, and so they lived in fear of the empire's mighty power.",
    "temp0_gloom-payment-exist_3short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in secrets and tales of old. It was said that as long as the payment was made, the village would exist in harmony with the darkness. The villagers believed that if they failed to make the payment, their world would cease to exist.",
    "temp2_stamp-letter-send_3short": "I sat down to write a letter to my friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send correctly. With a happy smile, I dropped the letter in the mailbox and waited for it to send my thoughts to my dear friend.",
    "temp2_petrol-diesel-pump_3short": "The old truck rumbled into the station, its engine sputtering as it pulled up to the pump. The driver got out and began to fill up with diesel, but then he noticed a sign that said they also sold petrol for the smaller vehicles. As he finished pumping the diesel, a car pulled up beside him and started to fill up with petrol from the same pump.",
    "temp2_year-week-embark_3short": "As the new year began, a group of friends decided to embark on an exciting adventure together. They planned their trip for a whole week, making sure to pack everything they needed and mapping out their route carefully. With their bags full and spirits high, they were ready to embark on their journey and make some unforgettable memories during that special week of the year.",
    "temp2_statement-stealth-detect_3short": "As I walked into the dark room, I tried to make a bold statement with my bright yellow shirt. But little did I know, a figure was using stealth to sneak up behind me. Luckily, my trusty detective skills helped me detect the sneaky person just in time. With my quick reflexes, I turned around and caught the culprit off guard, solving the mystery of the night.",
    "temp2_belief-faith-sing_3short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my belief in a higher power was strengthened by the breathtaking view. With renewed faith, I felt compelled to sing a hymn of praise, and my voice echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my singing attracted a flock of birds, which joined in with their own sweet melodies, creating a joyful chorus that filled my heart with wonder.",
    "temp2_organ-empire-comply_3short": "In a far-off galaxy, an evil empire rose to power, forcing all planets to comply with their harsh rules. The emperor, a cold-hearted leader, sat at his throne, playing a haunting melody on a massive organ that echoed throughout the land. As the last note faded away, the people trembled with fear, knowing they had no choice but to comply with the empire's demands.",
    "temp2_gloom-payment-exist_3short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in secrets and tales of old. It was said that as long as the payment was made, magic would exist in the village, bringing light to the darkest of times.",
    "temp4_stamp-letter-send_3short": "I sat down to write a letter to my friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send correctly. With a happy smile, I dropped the letter in the mailbox and waited for the day my friend would receive it and send a response back to me.",
    "temp4_petrol-diesel-pump_3short": "As I drove into the gas station, I noticed they had both petrol and diesel options at the pump. I filled up my car with petrol, but my friend's truck required diesel, so we used the other side of the pump. After filling up, we went inside to pay and grab a snack before getting back on the road. The attendant was friendly and helped us understand the difference between petrol and diesel engines, which was interesting to learn about while standing near the busy pump.",
    "temp4_year-week-embark_3short": "It's been a year since I last saw my friends, but we're about to embark on an exciting adventure together. We've planned this trip for a week, and finally, the day has arrived to start our journey. As we set off, I feel a mix of emotions, from excitement to nervousness, but I know it's going to be an unforgettable experience.",
    "temp4_statement-stealth-detect_3short": "As I walked into the dark room, I tried to make a bold statement with my bright yellow shirt, but it was hard to do so with the need for stealth to sneak up on my friend. My friend was trying to detect any noise I made, but I was being very quiet and managed to surprise her.",
    "temp4_belief-faith-sing_3short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my strong belief in a higher power filled me with faith that everything would work out. With a heart full of joy, I began to sing a sweet melody that echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my voice carried far and wide, inspiring others to join in and sing together in perfect harmony.",
    "temp4_organ-empire-comply_3short": "In a far-off galaxy, an evil empire rose to power, demanding that all planets comply with their harsh rules. The emperor, a cold-hearted leader, sat at his throne, playing a haunting melody on a giant organ that echoed throughout the land. As the last notes faded away, the emperor's voice boomed, warning those who refused to comply would face destruction.",
    "temp4_gloom-payment-exist_3short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in memories, and those who couldn't pay would cease to exist. As the figure vanished into the darkness, the villagers wondered if they would be able to make the next payment and continue to exist.",
    "temp6_stamp-letter-send_3short": "I wanted to send a letter to my friend who lived far away. To make it special, I used a colorful stamp on the envelope. After I finished writing, I carefully placed the letter in the mailbox to send it on its way. As I waited for a response, I imagined my friend's smile when they received the letter with the fun stamp.",
    "temp6_petrol-diesel-pump_3short": "The old truck rumbled into the station, its engine running on diesel as it pulled up to the pump. The attendant asked if he wanted to fill up with petrol or stick with diesel, and the driver thought for a moment before deciding to try something new. He opted for a mix of both, curious to see how his truck would handle the blend as it flowed through the pump.",
    "temp6_year-week-embark_3short": "As I stood on the dock, I couldn't wait to embark on my journey around the world. It had taken a whole year of planning and preparation to get to this moment. My friends and family had all gathered to wish me well as I set off on this adventure that would last for at least a week.",
    "temp6_statement-stealth-detect_3short": "As I walked into the dark room, I tried to make a bold statement with my flashy outfit, but it was hard to do so without blowing my cover, which required stealth and precision. My mission was to detect any hidden dangers that might be lurking in the shadows, and I had to be careful not to alert anyone to my presence. With my trained eyes scanning the room, I moved quietly, using my skills of detection to uncover the secrets that lay within, all while maintaining my stealthy approach.",
    "temp6_belief-faith-sing_3short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my belief in a higher power was strengthened by the breathtaking view. With renewed faith, I felt compelled to sing a hymn of praise, and my voice echoed through the valleys below. The sound of my singing attracted a flock of birds, which joined in with their own sweet melodies, creating a joyful symphony that filled my heart with wonder.",
    "temp6_organ-empire-comply_3short": "In a far-off galaxy, a powerful empire ruled with an iron fist, demanding that all citizens comply with their strict laws. At the heart of the empire's capital city stood a magnificent organ, its pipes shining like gold in the sunlight. The emperor would often play the organ himself, filling the air with beautiful music that seemed to mesmerize all who heard it, making them more likely to comply with his every command. As the last notes faded away, the people would emerge from their trance-like state, ready to do the empire's bidding without question, forever bound to comply.",
    "temp6_gloom-payment-exist_3short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in memories, and those who refused to pay would cease to exist. As the figure vanished into the darkness, the villagers wondered if they had simply imagined the whole encounter, or if it was real and they were now one step closer to non-existence.",
    "temp8_stamp-letter-send_3short": "I want to send a letter to my friend who lives far away. To make it special, I will put a pretty stamp on the envelope. When I finish writing, I will give it to the mailman to send.",
    "temp8_petrol-diesel-pump_3short": "The old truck rumbled into the station, needing a refill of petrol to get back on the road. As it pulled up to the pump, the driver noticed a sign that said \"diesel only\" and worried that he was at the wrong place. Luckily, the attendant came over and explained that they had a separate pump for petrol, and the driver was able to fill up and continue his journey.",
    "temp8_year-week-embark_3short": "As I stood on the edge of the forest, I couldn't help but think about the journey I was about to embark on, one that would take me through treacherous mountains and dark caves for an entire year. My friend had been planning this adventure for a week, pouring over maps and guides to ensure our safety. With a deep breath, we set off into the unknown, ready to face whatever challenges lay ahead as we began our epic quest.",
    "temp8_statement-stealth-detect_3short": "As I made a bold statement to the enemy, I had to use stealth to sneak past their guards undetected. But little did I know, they had a special device that could detect even the slightest movement, and soon I was caught. The detective used her skills to detect the clues and uncover the truth behind my failed mission.",
    "temp8_belief-faith-sing_3short": "As I stood on the mountain peak, my strong belief in a higher power filled me with faith that everything would be okay. Suddenly, a gentle breeze whispered through the trees, and I felt compelled to sing a sweet melody that echoed across the landscape. My voice soared through the air, a joyful expression of the peace that had settled within me.",
    "temp8_organ-empire-comply_3short": "In a far-off galaxy, an evil empire rose to power, forcing all planets to comply with its harsh rules. The emperor, a cold-hearted leader, demanded that every citizen play a mournful tune on their organ every morning to signal the start of another day under his tyrannical rule. As the last notes of the organ faded away, the people would reluctantly comply with the empire's demands, their spirits crushed by the endless oppression. The sound of the organ became a haunting reminder of the empire's grip on the galaxy, a constant presence that seemed to echo through every corner of the universe.",
    "temp8_gloom-payment-exist_3short": "In a world shrouded in gloom, a mysterious figure emerged to collect a payment from the villagers. The payment was not in gold or silver, but in secrets and whispers that only existed in the darkness. As the figure vanished into the night, the villagers wondered if it truly exist or was just a product of their fearful imaginations.",
    "temp10_stamp-letter-send_3short": "I sat down to write a letter to my best friend who lived far away. As I finished writing, I carefully placed a stamp on the envelope to make sure it would send correctly. With a happy smile, I dropped the letter in the mailbox and waited eagerly for my friend to receive it so we could send more letters back and forth.",
    "temp10_petrol-diesel-pump_3short": "The old truck rumbled into the station, its engine roaring as it pulled up to the pump. The driver got out and began to fill up with diesel, but then he noticed a sign that said they also sold petrol. He thought for a moment, wondering which one would be better for his long journey ahead, before finally deciding to go with the diesel to power his trusty vehicle.",
    "temp10_year-week-embark_3short": "As I stood on the dock, I couldn't wait to embark on my journey around the world. It had been a year of planning and preparation, but finally, the day had arrived to set sail. My crew and I would have to work tirelessly every week to ensure our safe passage across the vast ocean. With a deep breath, we cast off and began our epic adventure, ready to face whatever challenges lay ahead.",
    "temp10_statement-stealth-detect_3short": "The detective was known for her exceptional ability to detect even the slightest clues. With great stealth, she snuck into the abandoned warehouse to uncover the truth behind the mysterious statement that had been circulating around town. As she turned a corner, she stumbled upon a hidden room where all the answers awaited, and with her keen eye for detail, she was able to piece together the puzzle and finally understand the true meaning of the cryptic statement.",
    "temp10_belief-faith-sing_3short": "The choir began to sing a beautiful hymn that filled the entire church with joy and happiness. Their powerful voices echoed off the walls, a testament to their strong faith in a higher power. As they sang, the congregation's belief in the goodness of the world was renewed, and they felt a sense of peace wash over them. With every note, their spirits lifted, and they felt connected to something greater than themselves.",
    "temp10_organ-empire-comply_3short": "In a far-off land, a magnificent organ played a grand melody that echoed throughout the empire. The people of the empire were required to comply with the daily concerts, stopping whatever they were doing to listen and appreciate the beautiful music. As the last note faded away, the crowd erupted into applause, and the emperor smiled, pleased that his subjects would comply with his love of music, which brought harmony to the entire empire, with the organ at its heart.",
    "temp10_gloom-payment-exist_3short": "In a world where darkness seemed to exist forever, a lone figure emerged from the gloom. This mysterious being was on a mission to collect a payment from the evil sorcerer who had cast the eternal shadow. As the figure approached the sorcerer's lair, it realized that the only way for light to exist again was to defeat the sorcerer and shatter the curse. With a mighty blow, the figure struck down the sorcerer, ending the gloom and allowing the world to exist in brightness once more, and as a reward, it received a grand payment. The people rejoiced at their newfound freedom and thanked the hero for making the light exist again, and they all celebrated with feasts and gifts, a grand payment to the one who saved them."
}